1. What is a common consequence that comes with a civil lawsuit?
A. Paying a fine
B. Serving time in prison
C. Performing community service
D. Attending counseling sessions
2. The goal of many governmental agencies is to protect the
A. barriers to trade.
B. rights of business.
C. target market.
D. monetary policy.
3. From a legal standpoint, hospitality and tourism customers have the right to expect businesses in this industry to take
A. total responsibility for accidents.
B. no risks.
C. insurance out of each customer.
D. reasonable care.
4. Your class has a presentation from a guest speaker. Which of the following behaviors is most likely to help you support the speaker and demonstrate your interest in the presentation:
A. Whisper any comments you need to make to your classmates.
B. Take notes of the speaker's most important comments.
C. Avoid asking the presenter any questions.
D. Silence the ringer on your smartphone.
5. A client who is resistant to your sales pitch might show his/her defensiveness by
A. making eye contact.
B. smiling.
C. crossing his/her arms.
D. nodding her/his head.
6. Which of the following is a characteristic of effective oral presentations:
A. Gathers information
B. Attracts attention
C. Identifies conflict
D. Provides discussion
7. Which of the following visual aids is often used to clearly illustrate a company's sales by region:
A. Venn diagram
B. Organizational chart
C. Flowchart
D. Geographical map
8. What is the best way for an employee to obtain product specifications for a piece of office equipment?
A. Develop a cost/benefit analysis
B. Submit a quotation to management
C. Write a product review
D. Send a letter of inquiry to the vendor
9. When writing an executive summary, be sure that you
A. make the summary at least 1/10th as long as the full report.
B. use as much business jargon as possible.
C. target people who don't have time to read the full report.
D. include every point from th
10. What is usually the tone of a simple written report?
A. Dramatic
B. Solemn
C. Informal
D. Imprecise
11. Jenna is a social media coordinator for a boutique hotel. What is one task she should be sure to do everyday?
A. Add 1,000 new followers
B. Respond to customer inquiries
C. Engage with community influencers
D. Define her target audience
12. What is one of the benefits to a business of reinforcing service orientation through communication?
A. Rewards customers for their support
B. Promotes the sale of new products
C. Builds positive relationships with customers
D. Encourages employees to be aggressive
13. A customer complained about the new toaster she had purchased because, even on the lowest setting, it burned the toast. This kind of complaint is caused by the
A. wholesaler.
B. manufacturer.
C. retailer.
D. salesperson.
14. The executives of an airline recently determined that the cost of their extensive employee training program was too high and decided to terminate the program. What is a possible consequence of this decision?
A. Stronger financial standing
B. Increased number of repeat customers
C. Decreased quality of customer service
D. More focus on efficiency
15. When Izzy spilled lemonade in a customer's lap, she apologized and brought out another lemonade to replace it. The customer was still unhappy and told Izzy that he wouldn't be returning to the restaurant. What could Izzy have done to recover in this situation?
A. Offered the customer a restaurant gift card
B. Explained to the customer why he was being unreasonable
C. Avoided the customer and sent out a different server
D. Offered the customer an iced tea instead
16. Which of the following is a true statement regarding the relationship between customer service and the hospitality and tourism industry:
A. Customer service is important, but less so than price.
B. Business success or failure depends on customer service.
C. Customer service cannot be taught through training.
D. Greater customer satisfaction leads to lower revenue.
17. Tariq works at the front desk of a hotel. He tries to keep customers happy, but he finds it difficult to do so because his company does not have strong policies in place to handle issues. Tariq's customer service practices are affected by
A. organizational culture.
B. his extraverted personality.
C. local competition.
D. customer loyalty.
18. Due to bad weather, Clear Skies Airline had to cancel an international flight. How can Clear Skies Airline best deliver a positive moment of truth in this situation?
A. Apologize profusely to customers who are upset
B. Clearly explain the situation to anyone who has questions
C. Send a customer satisfaction survey to determine future improvements
D. Provide complimentary hotel rooms and food for stranded passengers
19. The manager of the Majesty Resort just quit in the middle of summer vacation season. She told the owner that she felt too overwhelmed by all of the work she had to do. The owner of the Majesty Resort should have
A. closed down the resort during peaks in demand.
B. hired a more responsible manager.
C. convinced the manager to stay.
D. increased staffing for peaks in demand.
20. Which of the following is an example of using social media to enhance a customer's post-sale experience:
A. Offering discounts for first-time customers
B. Posting about the release of a product line
C. Obtaining new followers that could make a purchase
D. Responding to negative and positive online reviews
21. Into what two categories can wants be divided?
A. Unlimited and noneconomic
B. Unlimited and economics
C. Unlimited and limited
D. Economic and noneconomic
22. A Vermont ski shop has not yet received its November shipment of ski supplies. Since the holiday rush is only days away, you would expect prices of existing stock to
A. fluctuate.
B. decrease.
C. remain the same.
D. increase.
23. A manufacturing company is well-suited for a divisional organizational structure broken down by
A. Process
B. Job function
C. Customer type
D. Product
24. To develop new products that accommodate changing markets, a business should
A. adopt a laissez-faire organizational structure.
B. implement innovative management practices.
C. develop licensing programs with business partners.
D. review its profit margins on a continuous basis.
25. Larry's Pro Shop sold $583,000 in merchandise during the year. He paid out $259,000 for equipment, salaries, and utilities. His company had $100,000 left over after taxes. The company's __________ was $224,000.
A. gross profit
B. cost of merchandise
C. annual income
D. net profit
26. Why should productivity be measured?
A. To locate new sources of inputs
B. To find new ways to meet customer needs
C. To determine the best ways to invest company profits
D. To see whether the business's objectives are being met
27. Which of the following is a typical result of price instability:
A. Long-term government projects are easier to arrange.
B. Wealth is redistributed in a way that is often productive to the economy.
C. It becomes difficult for consumers to plan ahead.
D. Businesses often hire more employees.
28. What is an important social and cultural factor that has an impact on global trade?
A. Technology
B. Language
C. Politics
D. Economics
29. Assuming that all people of a certain nationality will work long hours for low pay is an example of
A. stereotyping.
B. discrimination.
C. prejudice.
D. harassment.
30. Which of the following behaviors is often associated with effective hospitality and tourism managers:
A. Being critical of others
B. Discouraging dissent
C. Questioning employees' motives
D. Exhibiting self-control
31. One of the ways that responsible employees benefit the business is that they
A. require more company rules.
B. require less supervision.
C. do not demand raises or promotions.
D. know how to do incorrect work over.
32. An individual who lives by an established set of personal ethics is said to have
A. intelligence.
B. apathy.
C. bravery.
D. integrity.
33. Communicating with others is a good way to demonstrate fairness because it
A. prevents bias from affecting decision-making.
B. allows everyone to have a fair chance to be heard.
C. promotes the equality approach to fairness.
D. allows you to ignore critical feedback.
34. What is the first step you should take when resolving an ethical dilemma?
A. Figure out who's affected.
B. Identify the dilemma.
C. Consider all your potential actions.
D. Reflect on the outcome.
35. Which of the following comments by a supervisor is an example of destructive criticism:
A. "Try both methods and decide which works better."
B. "You must be stupid if you don't know how to do that by now."
C. "I would prefer that you do the job this way."
D. "If you try to work when you have such a cold, you may give it to customers."
36. One of the reasons that people sometimes fail to exhibit assertive behavior is because they
A. have a high level of self-esteem.
B. have personal goals they want to meet.
C. want to avoid any conflict.
D. want others to respect their rights.
37. For several months, June has felt very tired at work. She has a hard time focusing on her job, is often irritated at her coworkers, and has turned in several late assignments. At home, June feels considerably better. June is experiencing
A. organizational change.
B. employee stress.
C. employee turnover.
D. employee burnout.
38. Important considerations when identifying your personal vision are your
A. values and aspirations.
B. skills and natural resources.
C. specific goals and income.
D. logic and emotions.
39. Maggie owns an auto repair business. She'd like to be the best auto repair shop in the city. Is this a goal or a vision?
A. A goal. It's long term, overarching, and inspirational.
B. A vision. It's specific, measurable, and time bound.
C. A vision. It's long term, overarching, and inspirational.
D. A goal. It's specific, measurable, and time bound.
40. Being a good listener is an example of what type of behavior that builds positive working relationships?
A. Being cooperative
B. Carrying your own weight
C. Maintaining distance from others
D. Having a good attitude
41. Which of the following is an example of entrepreneurship:
A. Raul invests his money in the stock market.
B. Wesley starts working for his mother's accounting firm.
C. Elissa starts a company when she develops a new app.
D. Penelope asks her boss for a pay raise.
42. Iris buys an expensive new car using installment credit. Although the __________ for the car is made out in her name, the company that sold the car has a __________ on it until Iris makes all the installment payments.
A. title; lien
B. title; principal
C. principal; lien
D. interest; principal
43. Chandra wants to develop a personal budget. What is the first step she should take?
A. Establishing her goals
B. Estimating her income
C. Determining regular expenditures
D. Allocating income
44. Individuals have the right to provide additional information about their income status and payment history when
A. estimating their tax liability.
B. opening a checking account.
C. validating their credit history.
D. hiring a financial planner.
45. What type of insurance do you need to purchase if you want to ensure that your beneficiaries receive an inheritance?
A. Long-term care insurance
B. Term life insurance
C. Disability insurance
D. Universal life insurance
46. To be useful to businesses, financial information should be
A. vague and transferable.
B. reliable and creative.
C. timely and understandable.
D. sensitive and logical.
47. A business's balance sheet lists $2,500 in cash, $6,125 in accounts receivable, $3,775 in inventory, $10,350 in machinery and equipment, and $4,280 in accounts payable. Calculate the business's total assets.
A. $22,750
B. $18,470
C. $15,225
D. $27,030
48. A business comparing the monthly bank statement with the entries in its checkbook is an example of a(n)
A. break-even analysis.
B. accounts-payable system.
C. money-handling technique.
D. cash-control procedure.
49. How does the finance function relate to company spending?
A. It produces reports about spending.
B. It plans and controls spending.
C. It spends on investment only.
D. It does not relate to spending.
50. Why do many companies set a floor limit specifying a maximum amount a customer is allowed to charge to a credit card?
A. To increase the amount of sales
B. To protect the company against fraud
C. To encourage the use of credit cards
D. To prevent fraud from occurring
51. Which of the following is an example of ethical behavior in human resources management:
A. Judging an employee on the basis of work performance
B. Promoting an employee on the basis of friendship
C. Hiring an applicant on the basis of gender
D. Interviewing an applicant on the basis of appearance
52. A company manager recognizes that an employee only delegates tasks to people of a certain race. Which of the following is likely to be the most effective manner for the manager to deal with this situation:
A. Ignore the behavior until the employee learns better
B. Privately address the behavior directly with the employee
C. Fire the employee for demonstrating a biased preference
D. Personally demonstrate unbiased behavior toward employees
53. You look up to your older brother and his group of friends. Sometimes, what they buy influences what you buy. This is an example of a
A. membership group.
B. reference group.
C. psychological influence.
D. situational influence.
54. Before producing and selling a product, which of the following should marketers do first:
A. Identify the market for the product
B. Select a channel of distribution
C. Set up a promotional plan
D. Determine the product's price
55. Simon is creating a report for his boss and comes across a passage he wants to use in the report: “Time stands still for nobody, and yet we all think it revolves around us.” He changes the passage to “We all think time revolves around us, but it doesn't stand still for anybody” and references the source in the document. Simon is
A. quoting.
B. paraphrasing.
C. summarizing.
D. plagiarizing.
56. Cocoa Bean Coffee Café posts the following statement on its website: “Cocoa Bean Coffee Café does not share its customers' names, email addresses, and telephone numbers with others without obtaining customers' consent.” This is an example of a business exhibiting __________ behavior in relation to __________.
A. cautious; product promotion
B. ethical; information management
C. questionable; marketing research
D. judicious; production procedures
57. Which of the following is an example of a business using technology to improve the efficiency of its salespeople:
A. Accepting debit transactions
B. Providing laptops, tablets, and smartphones
C. Providing a week of in-person training
D. Installing security cameras
58. What is the primary function of the Random Access Memory (RAM) component of a computer?
A. Reads the computer code that provide visual effects
B. Serves as a temporary holding area for files and programs
C. Stores data and programs permanently
D. Enables the user to apply point-and-click commands
59. Why do many businesses store information in a computerized database?
A. To transmit documents
B. To communicate with vendors
C. To maintain client lists
D. To monitor economic trends
60. To increase efficiency among channel members, which type of software allows for the secure transfer of information via the Internet:
A. Intranet system
B. Virtual private network
C. Internet service provider
D. Client network
61. When marketing researchers review the level of affiliation between two variables, they are evaluating the ___________ of data components.
A. affirmation
B. predictability
C. sensitivity
D. correlation
62. To perform a proper data analysis, the researcher should be
A. judgmental.
B. untrained.
C. unbiased.
D. inconsistent.
63. Which of the following is an example of a current trend in business:
A. Expanding economic growth
B. Protecting consumer privacy
C. Developing market research
D. Promoting private enterprise
64. Which of the following data collection methods would best measure actual repeat business:
A. Collecting data on product purchases from loyalty programs
B. Tracking cookies from customers' web browsing activity
C. Collecting personal information from online registrations
D. Surveying customers about their recent store experiences
65. If a company wants to promote specific products to previous customers, what would be the best way for it to obtain the necessary data for a mailing list?
A. By reviewing its marketing research plans
B. By purchasing information from competitors
C. By purchasing data from outside researchers
D. By searching its own customer database
66. If a hotel is trying to predict future revenue generated for hotel bookings, which of the following sources of secondary data would be most useful:
A. Previous fulfilled hotel reservations
B. Frequent guests' personal
C. Guest surveys about future travel plans
D. Guest surveys on service quality
67. Before creating a media presentation, you should first plan the text and illustrations for the presentation by
A. developing a schedule.
B. creating a storyboard.
C. creating the needed slides.
D. planning slide transitions.
68. As a result of increasing competition, many segments of the hospitality industry are emphasizing promotional efforts to focus on
A. technology.
B. place.
C. service.
D. price.
69. Darryl works in purchasing and is currently accepting bids for an upcoming project. What is an ethical issue he may encounter during this process?
A. Noncompliance with safety regulations
B. Violation of company Internet policies
C. Employee theft
D. Bribery
70. It is appropriate for an employee to report his/her employer's noncompliance with health and safety regulations when
A. a coworker blocks the fire escape route with boxes of old files.
B. the housekeeping staff disposes of the company's hazardous materials.
C. the employer does not take steps to correct the issue.
D. a vendor does not have a ventilation system that meets code.
71. What might businesses lose if their employees are injured on the job and are unable to work?
A. Assets
B. Benefits
C. Sales
D. Goods
72. Luke is a purchasing department employee who must complete his inventory report by 4:00 p.m. on Tuesday. He must also collect bids and place orders for staple items by Wednesday at noon. Because Luke knows that it will take a while to obtain the bids, he decides to start contacting vendors before he begins working on his inventory report. Luke is __________ his workload.
A. simplifying
B. delegating
C. communicating
D. prioritizing
73. Which of the following is a true statement about a project plan:
A. It emphasizes flexibility over strategy.
B. It is not necessary for every project.
C. It is a roadmap.
D. It is "set in stone"—unchanging.
74. Project managers usually evaluate project results by
A. setting long-term goals for the project.
B. comparing project standards with actual performance.
C. conducting external data searches.
D. developing complex diagrams.
75. Because a normally stocked item is backordered and a customer needs to get the item as soon as possible, Barston Distributors asks its vendor to ship the item directly to the customer when it is available. What type of purchase order does this exemplify?
A. Advance placement
B. Open
C. Standing
D. Drop shipment
76. During certain times of the year, Sparkle Janitorial Supply Company keeps extra mop buckets and cleaning carts on hand to avoid customer backorders. What type of inventory is the company maintaining?
A. Buffer
B. Manufacturing
C. Aggregate
D. Just-in-time
77. How can a business sell more goods to increase profit quickly, but do so without increasing expenses?
A. Set lower prices
B. Purchase extra stock
C. Hire additional staff
D. Plan special events
78. The primary reason for a business to carefully track all of its vendors' invoices is to
A. monitor and control expenses.
B. confirm the accounts receivable.
C. evaluate the vendors' performance.
D. check for tax discrepancies.
79. Akua is in charge of supervising the entire process of getting products into the marketplace, otherwise known as the flow of goods. Akua's job title is most likely
A. Supply Chain Manager.
B. Line Supervisor.
C. Chief Financial Officer.
D. Inventory Manager.
80. To help maintain a secure work environment, a large amusement park is likely to require all of its employees to
A. present their photo identification cards when they report for work.
B. wear their uniforms when they pick up their paychecks.
C. participate in diversity training programs on an annual basis.
D. provide the guests with electronic key cards to access park attractions.
81. Emergency procedures that involve escape and evacuation because of fire or natural disasters usually include plans for identifying
A. relatives of passengers.
B. travelers with disabilities.
C. hazardous materials.
D. suspicious activities.
82. What activity are Nikki and Josh performing when they read over a scenario and then act out the parts in a training class?
A. Meditation
B. Brainstorming
C. Role-playing
D. Experimenting
83. Employees have the right to
A. not be fired.
B. form unions.
C. view all human resources files.
D. unrestricted Internet access.
84. Some job application forms ask why the applicant left a previous job. Which of the following would be an acceptable answer to this question:
A. "I was expected to do too much work."
B. "I was seeking a job with more responsibility."
C. "I couldn't get along with my supervisor."
D. "I wanted to get out of a difficult situation."
85. Participating in school-operated programs such as the school store or library is one way that students might obtain
A. college information.
B. additional education.
C. work experience.
D. job approval.
86. A local chamber of commerce plans a street festival to appeal to community members and business owners. This is an example of which of the following membership benefits of a business alliance organization:
A. Participation in trade shows
B. Group services
C. Establishment of standards
D. Sales promotion events
87. A primary reason hospitality employees and businesses join professional or trade organizations is to
A. obtain further education and certification.
B. develop promotional efforts and materials.
C. qualify for additional government funding.
D. increase employee productivity.
88. What is the typical effect of an economic slowdown on the hospitality industry?
A. A decrease in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available
B. An increase in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available
C. A decrease in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available
D. An increase in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available
89. A new airline offers much lower fares than its competitors to attract potential travelers. This is an example of
A. penetration pricing.
B. psychological pricing.
C. price lining.
D. price skimming.
90. Which of the following areas of product/service management is important in attracting customers and in protecting products:
A. Packaging
B. Concept testing
C. Labeling
D. Idea generation
91. The manufacturer of a defective clock refused to honor the clock's guarantee and give the customer a refund. The customer's right to demand satisfaction from the clock manufacturer is known as
A. legal recourse.
B. a guarantee.
C. a warranty.
D. liability lawsuit.
92. A company that reevaluates a brand's characteristics, quality, and benefits in order to change the image of the brand is __________ the brand.
A. licensing
B. extending
C. repositioning
D. positioning
93. Which of the following examples illustrates the concept of product in the hospitality industry:
A. A bed and breakfast advertising private baths and a fireplace in each room
B. A conference center making reservations at other properties
C. A resort promoting that it treats guests like family
D. A cruise ship providing a list of rental car agencies located at ports-of-call
94. Some properties make it easier for guests to get to and from their destinations by providing _________ services.
A. valet
B. shuttle
C. concierge
D. bell staff
95. One of the reasons that direct mail is frequently used as a promotional method by hotels/motels is that
A. direct mail is inexpensive.
B. direct mail is impersonal.
C. hotels/motels focus on having guests return.
D. hotels/motels usually keep guest history records.
96. Quality management must begin at which level of a company?
A. Organizational
B. Process
C. Job/Performance
D. Departmental
97. Risk managers often use computerized catastrophe modeling to estimate the losses that their company could suffer as a result of
A. hurricanes, earthquakes, and terrorist attacks.
B. hurricanes, embezzlement, and terrorist attacks.
C. robberies, embezzlement, and terrorist attacks.
D. robberies, embezzlement, and sexual harassment claims.
98. When processing a room reservation by telephone, the hotel reservationist should provide the guest with a(n)
A. policy reference number at the end of the call.
B. daily transaction code at the beginning of the call.
C. confirmation number at the end of the call.
D. arrival identification code at the beginning of the call.
99. A customer hands a cashier a coupon for 20% off the price of a CD player. If the retail price of the CD player is $180, what is the price of the item after processing the coupon?
A. $144
B. $140
C. $156
D. $168
100. Which of the following is the process that involves bringing together the resources that are needed in the production of goods or services:
A. Economizing
B. Management
C. Research
D. Marketing
01. Environmental law attempts to protect
A. people from the environment.
B. the environment from damaging actions.
C. corporations from the environment.
D. corporations from the government.
02. Quantex is organized as a partnership with eight equal partners. The partners would like to expand their business but limit the amount of money they could personally lose if the business were to fail. What form of ownership should Quantex consider?
A. Partnership
B. Sole proprietorship
C. Monopoly
D. Corporation
03. Which of the following is true regarding passenger rights in the air travel industry:
A. Airlines must provide monetary compensation if a flight is delayed due to bad weather.
B. If baggage is lost, airlines pay a flat fee to reimburse the passenger.
C. There is an international "Bill of Rights" to protect air travel consumers.
D. It is legal for an airline to overbook a flight.
04. A hotel follows governmental regulations that are developed to protect the general population's
A. trade and licensing agreements.
B. health and safety.
C. taxation earnings.
D. advertising practices.
05. The Parnell Company buys a variety of similar goods and sells them to specialty shops for resale. What type of intermediary is the Parnell Company?
A. Agent
B. Wholesaler
C. Industrial user
D. Ultimate consumer
06. A bus-tour company develops a brochure that describes new tours it is offering in the upcoming year and sends it to the travel agencies that sell its tours. The travel agencies will use the brochures to communicate the tour information to their clients. This is an example of coordinating __________ with __________.
A. operations management; selling
B. channel management; promotion
C. information management; pricing
D. product/service management; production
07. Bill works for a large computer manufacturer that sells its products by means of a retailer. The manufacturer opens a new channel by selling computers directly to the customer from the company website. As a result, the retailer drops the manufacturer's brand from its shelves. This is an example of __________ conflict.
A. vertical
B. role
C. rewards
D. horizontal
08. Which of the following business resources provides information about the company's dress codes and vacation policies, and general rules for appropriate behavior:
A. Employee handbook
B. Productivity manual
C. Customer newsletter
D. Personnel record
09. What do business employees often include in oral presentations to make the presentations more interesting to the audience?
A. Detailed instructions
B. Written notes
C. Attractive visuals
D. Coffee breaks
10. An executive summary should
A. be at least 20 pages long.
B. give an expanded version of a report.
C. not be longer than 10% of the full report.
D. be read only after reading the full report.
11. What is a factor that affects a business's relations with its customers?
A. Attitude of employees
B. Location of suppliers
C. Behavior of competitors
D. Condition of associates
12. The ethics of big data are most likely to be a major issue for which of the following organizations:
A. Ford Motor Company
B. The National Football League
C. Main Street Diner
D. Facebook
13. Providing online distribution of products is one way that some businesses are able to use the distribution function to
A. reduce the cost of advertising.
B. eliminate warehousing.
C. speed up the billing process.
D. improve customer service.
14. Which of the following best describes a consumer good or service:
A. A product purchased by individuals for personal use
B. A product that is purchased for convenience
C. A product that can be used repeatedly
D. A product purchased by businesses for industrial use
15. If the supply of a product decreases while demand remains the same, the price the consumer is charged for the product will probably
A. decrease.
B. remain the same.
C. stabilize.
D. increase.
16. Which of the following is a basic question that all economic systems must answer:
A. How long will these goods and services last?
B. How much money will these goods and services make?
C. How will these goods and services be produced?
D. How many of these goods and services will sell?
17. Most businesses can increase their profits by
A. obtaining a subsidy.
B. increasing sales quotas.
C. improving worker efficiency.
D. cutting workers' hours.
18. Melanie's country is experiencing an economic recession. What is the best thing for her to do to help the economy expand?
A. Collect her money
B. Save her money
C. Earn her money
D. Spend her money
19. Which of the following would not contribute to a country's comparative advantage:
A. Limited technology
B. Skilled labor force
C. Climatic conditions
D. Availability of natural resources
20. What type of currency system is most likely to benefit a small country that relies heavily on exports to support its economy?
A. Pegged
B. Free floating
C. Speculative
D. Decentralized
21. Whenever Jamie runs out of change, she helps herself to a little money from the business's petty cash fund. What Jamie is doing is
A. reasonable.
B. dishonest.
C. justified.
D. impartial.
22. Which of the following negotiating strategies is appropriate to use when you won't see the other person again:
A. Collaborative
B. Accommodating
C. Combative
D. Compromising
23. Lucy wants to have her painting complete by Wednesday so she can take it to the gallery, but she can't get the shade of blue she needs in time. Which step in developing an achievement orientation does Lucy need to remember?
A. To be a leader
B. To ask for feedback
C. To be patient and persistent
D. To reward yourself for your accomplishments
24. Before you can lead change in the workplace, you must first
A. recruit others to help you make the change.
B. communicate how the change will be implemented.
C. indicate why the change is necessary.
D. plan the change with others.
25. The goal-setting process should be
A. vague.
B. collaborative.
C. complex.
D. solitary.
26. Which of the following is an action you could take to show respect:
A. Start arguments with people
B. Avoid eye contact
C. Listen to other people's opinions
D. Interrupt others when they speak
27. What is the key reason that credit is used so widely by consumers and businesses?
A. Credit allows consumers and businesses to purchase goods and services when they are needed.
B. Credit allows new employees and new businesses to purchase items before income levels out.
C. Credit allows consumers to stretch their spending beyond the actual limits of income.
D. Credit allows consumers and businesses to purchase major products without paying for them.
28. Margot wants to be sure that when she dies, her money, house, and cars will go to her sister. Margot should create a
A. retirement fund.
B. will.
C. college savings fund.
D. bank account.
29. If William wants to determine the dollar amount that he has earned before taxes and other deductions for the pay period, he should look at the __________ on his paycheck stub.
A. gross wages
B. net pay
C. year-to-date gross earnings
D. year-to-date net income
30. A person with a negative attitude toward risk is called
A. risk-tolerant.
B. paranoid.
C. dauntless.
D. risk-averse.
31. On a balance sheet, a business categorizes its inventory and accounts receivable as
A. current assets.
B. owner's equity.
C. long-term assets.
D. current liabilities.
32. Which of the following is essential to record at the time money is taken from petty cash:
A. Name of person who witnessed the cash withdrawal
B. Account to which transaction should be charged
C. Name of person or business that will receive the money
D. General purpose of the transaction
33. William is a human resources manager who communicates on a professional website with acquaintances and former business associates for the purpose of finding new employees for his company. William is using
A. an online networking method for recruitment purposes.
B. the company intranet for interviewing candidates.
C. a database for employee-performance reviews.
D. the company blog for hiring recent college graduates.
34. Which of the following is an example of ethical behavior in marketing-information management:
A. Using complex processes for customers to opt out of email correspondence
B. Changing survey feedback to reflect a positive research outcome
C. Distributing the telephone numbers of customers without their permission
D. Implementing procedures to protect the privacy of survey respondents
35. Majestic Hotels is a chain of lodging facilities that focuses its efforts on serving business and convention travelers. Currently, the chain is collecting demographic and tourism information from the various locales with multiple musical and theatrical venues. The most likely reason why Majestic is collecting this information is to
A. review its strengths and weaknesses in relation to its competitors.
B. evaluate guest-satisfaction levels with its existing services.
C. analyze problems associated with a decrease in overall sales.
D. determine if it should enter another market.
36. A decision problem may be translated into several
A. research problems.
B. sets of secondary data.
C. other decision problems.
D. situation analyses.
37. Which of the following marketing research designs is often referred to as statistical research:
A. Descriptive research
B. Causal research
C. Numerical research
D. Exploratory research
38. Which of the following is a true statement regarding personal interviews:
A. They are an inexpensive data-collection method.
B. They are superficial (surface level).
C. They tend to be accurate and reliable.
D. It is easy to find respondents for personal interviews.
39. Which of the following is a website that is likely to provide statistical tourism information for a specific destination:
A. The local chapter of the American Marketing Association
B. The Farmer's Almanac
C. Transportation Security Administration
D. The local chamber of commerce
40. Last year's quarterly sales for Mountain High Ski Resort were as follows: st Quarter: $652,276; 2nd Quarter: $947,550; 3rd Quarter: $423,835; 4th Quarter: $345,766 What does the data reveal about the resort's sales?
A. The combined first and third quarter revenues are over half of the resort's annual sales.
B. The fourth quarter's sales indicate that the resort is experiencing financial problems.
C. The resort failed to meet its annual sales objectives.
D. The resort's peak season occurred during the second quarter.
41. An airline surveyed business travelers to evaluate their flying habits. Out of 325 persons surveyed, 56 of the respondents fly once a year; 93 of the respondents fly three times a year; 67 of the respondents fly four times a year; 81 of the respondents fly five times a year; and 28 of the respondents fly seven times a year. Determine the mode of the number of times per year that respondents fly.
A. 67
B. 93
C. 3
D. 3.7
42. The research data indicate a correlation of -1 > r > 0. What does that tell you?
A. The two variables tend to increase or decrease together.
B. One variable increases as the other variable decreases.
C. There is perfect correlation between the two variables.
D. The two variables do not vary together at all.
43. A business has very little information about the way its customers view its new product line. Which of the following is a marketing research method that will help the business acquire a variety of perspectives and opinions in a short period of time:
A. Service evaluation form
B. In-depth personal interview
C. Focus group
D. Environmental scan
44. Which of the following statements is true about B2B (business-to-business) marketing:
A. Professional buyers tend to seek product information from their peers.
B. Businesses tend to focus on personal selling rather than promotion.
C. One employee tends to make all of the business's buying decisions.
D. After-the-sale service is not a primary factor when making a buying decision.
45. A major pharmaceutical company is considering replacing meetings with teleconferences and substituting regional meetings for national meetings. This consideration is in response to which factor affecting marketing in the travel environment?
A. Technology
B. Competition
C. Economic
D. Legislation and regulation
46. Which of the following is a true statement about marketing-plan formats:
A. They must be double-spaced.
B. They vary from business to business.
C. They must include charts and graphs.
D. They must put situation analysis before desired target market.
47. A tour operator put together a tour package for baby boomers who are interested in southwestern art. The tour group will visit a variety of locations in the southwest but will operate individually rather than as a guided tour. What factors did the tour operator use to segment the market?
A. Age and life cycle
B. Gender and culture
C. Geography and gender
D. Personality and life cycle
48. To complete a report about commercial loans, Lola needs to review a specific online article called, “The Truth About Commercial Interest Rate Increases.” Which of the following search entries will provide Lola with the most accurate results:
A. "-the_truth_about_commercial_interest_rate_increases-"
B. {truth_ commercial interest rate_ increases}
C. [-the -truth -about -commercial- interest -rate -increases]
D. "the truth about commercial interest rate increases"
49. An MIS (management information system) involves people, processes, and
A. practices.
B. payroll.
C. financial statements.
D. decisions.
50. Employees should use the find-and-replace function in a word-processing program to
A. track the changes made to the document.
B. change a phrase that appears several times in a long document to another phrase.
C. verify that the document is free of spelling and punctuation errors.
D. change the default language in the document to another language.
51. A hotel wants to purchase computer software that would store, manage, and retrieve customer information in order to better serve customer needs and increase sales. What type of software should the hotel buy?
A. Database
B. Spreadsheet
C. Word processing
D. Computer-aided design
52. What type of business record can a gift shop review to determine how many customers purchased items on Tuesday?
A. Inventory status records
B. Quarterly credit statements
C. Cash balances
D. Daily sales receipts
53. A primary reason for a business to interpret statistical findings is to
A. increase production.
B. promote creativity.
C. aid decision making.
D. influence buyers.
54. Hospitality businesses are developing strategies to accommodate niche markets. Skydivers are an example of a group in a growing segment called the _________ market.
A. agritourism
B. environmental
C. adventure
D. geotourism
55. Minimizing expenses to boost profitability may result in
A. higher product quality.
B. higher taxes.
C. government fines.
D. reduced wages or benefits.
56. Requiring employees to wear appropriate clothing on the job is one way that businesses can maintain a(n)
A. safe work environment.
B. comfortable atmosphere.
C. industrial image.
D. sanitary facility.
57. Which of the following is an internal human resource that a business can use to perform the work to complete a project:
A. Intermediaries
B. Vendors
C. Customers
D. Employees
58. In which of the following situations might a project planner estimate that it will take three 40-hour weeks to complete a task that can be performed in 50 hours:
A. The assigned employee schedules a one-week vacation.
B. Management organizes a two-day weekend meeting.
C. Many employees work flexible 40-hour schedules.
D. The business plans to observe a one-day national holiday.
59. How does marketing-research data help a business's production planning?
A. By determining how products will be produced
B. By identifying consumers' needs and wants
C. By identifying resources needed in production
D. By setting the timetable to use in production
60. A business determines how much it costs to make a product and then adds a predetermined markup to set its selling price. This is an example of
A. gross profit.
B. price-based costing.
C. economies of scale.
D. cost-based pricing.
61. How do some hotels use automated systems in emergency fire situations?
A. To identify hazardous materials
B. To open the fire doors
C. To contact all guest rooms
D. To prevent bomb threats
62. A cruise ship security specialist may advise a tourist who is going ashore at a port of call to
A. use any of the transportation services available.
B. travel alone instead of in an organized group.
C. limit shore tours to ones approved by the cruise line.
D. wear valuable jewelry while on shore.
63. Which problem-solving method requires you to think of things that could make the problem worse?
A. Reverse brainstorming
B. Brainstorming
C. Seven-step
D. Finding the root of the problem
64. To stay current on industry trends, promotional methods, and educational opportunities, a hotel manager might
A. hire an assessment consultant for staff evaluation.
B. develop a staff training manual.
C. attend a session with a motivational speaker.
D. join a professional trade association.
65. Matthew has been promoted to vice president of a tour company. Which of the following is the career progression that Matthew most likely followed to get to his current position:
A. Assistant tour guide manager, tour-guide manager, director of rooms, marketing director
B. Tour guide, assistant tour-guide manager, food and beverage manager, director of sales
C. Tour guide, assistant tour-guide manager, tour-guide manager, product manager
D. Assistant tour-guide manager, tour-guide manager, sales assistant, food and beverage manager
66. What is a negative consequence to a business that engages in the unethical practice of price gouging?
A. Excessive profits
B. High sales
C. Poor image
D. Weak competition
67. A travel agency offers a travel package that consists of airfare, hotel accommodations, and car rental for a single price that is lower than the price of all of the package elements if they were purchased separately. The travel agency is using a(n) __________ pricing strategy.
A. captive
B. odd
C. prestige
D. bundle
68. Which of the following factors impacts the price of hospitality and tourism products:
A. Inelasticity
B. Tangibility
C. Fragility
D. Seasonality
69. What can help product/service managers predict whether a new product will be successful before a business makes a major investment?
A. Company goals
B. Market research
C. Product life cycles
D. Product monitoring
70. While dining at Lombardi's Italian Restaurant, Mrs. Barnhart asked the restaurant manager about catering services. The manager told her that the restaurant does not offer catering services. When the manager mentioned Mrs. Barnhart's question to the restaurant owner, the owner thought that catering services would be a great way to grow the business. In this situation, a product opportunity resulted from a(n)
A. employee's suggestion.
B. manager's complaint.
C. customer's inquiry.
D. dissatisfied patron.
71. After a tour operator brainstorms ideas for new tours, the next step is to ___________ the ideas.
A. develop
B. test
C. implement
D. screen
72. Which of the following systems eliminates the need for customers to inspect each product before making a purchase:
A. Warranties and guarantees
B. Grades and standards
C. Brands and packaging
D. Health and sanitation
73. Can any brand name be selected and used by a business?
A. Yes, a business can use any name it wants to use.
B. No, the name must be legally available for use.
C. No, the name must be registered before it can be used.
D. Yes, brand names cannot be owned by a business.
74. The Queen Mary is a retired ocean liner that transported passengers between England and the United States from the 1930s through the mid-1960s. For a brief time during World War II, the military retrofitted the ship to use as a troopship. In 1967, the ship moved to Long Beach, California, and now serves as a stationary "floating" hotel and event venue that reflects the décor of days gone by. Based on the information provided, what is the Queen Mary's competitive advantage?
A. Its unique historical attributes
B. Its tropical excursion options
C. Its gaming and entertainment attractions
D. Its customer-service efforts
75. Which of the following is the core product in the hospitality industry:
A. Food service
B. Entertainment
C. Retailing
D. Lodging
76. A tour operator who owns two tour boats that offer dinner cruises purchases a custom-made boat to offer deep-sea fishing trips. This is an example of
A. brand positioning.
B. product bundling.
C. a product extension.
D. a corporate brand.
77. Some of the criteria that a business should use in the selection of a vendor include the vendor's credit and delivery terms, services, and
A. open-to-buy.
B. discounts.
C. cash flow.
D. planned sales.
78. How do competing businesses within the same industry usually react to each other's promotional mixes?
A. By trying not to outdo each other
B. By reducing their promotional budgets
C. By playing follow the leader
D. By changing distribution channels
79. Which of the following is an advantage of using the Internet for direct marketing:
A. It eliminates the need for other types of marketing.
B. It is a relatively affordable form of marketing.
C. It is less flexible than other forms of marketing.
D. It involves face-to-face contact with customers.
80. Effective corporate blogs are typically
A. search-engine friendly.
B. updated once per month.
C. highly technical in nature.
D. written by one author.
81. The Fun-O-Rama Amusement Park is located in Albany, New York. Which of the following websites is the park's target market most likely to visit:
A. AlbanyCatering.net
B. AlbanyLibrary.gov
C. albanylegalservices.com
D. albanytourismbureau.org
82. The Treetop Resort and Spa wants to increase its website's visibility on major search engines such as AOL and Google. Which of the following strategies is most likely to optimize the resort's ranking on the search engines:
A. Extensive use of JavaScript
B. Detailed, accurate site map
C. Widespread HTML code
D. Website age and longevity
83. Which of the following colors would create cheerfulness in an advertisement:
A. Green
B. Blue
C. Yellow
D. Red
84. A print advertisement contains a drawing of a turtle dressed up to look like a tourist taking pictures with a camera. This type of illustration involves the use of
A. remediation.
B. animation.
C. personification.
D. simulation.
85. Which public-relations activity is most likely to help a local tour business create a favorable image within its community:
A. Launching an advertising campaign that introduces its new logo
B. Sponsoring a charitable event to raise funds for the area's hospital
C. Supporting a controversial issue that potentially endangers wildlife
D. Developing a feature story for the business's employee newsletter
86. As an element of its public-relations program, a travel agency decides to support the local community's literacy initiatives. Which of the following would be the most appropriate activity for the travel agency to implement:
A. Donating books to local elementary schools
B. Providing a college scholarship
C. Organizing a 5K to raise funds for cancer research
D. Sponsoring a blood drive at a local high school
87. Which of the following activities occurs during the planning phase of the website development process:
A. Designing the page layout
B. Writing easy-to-understand copy
C. Determining how to take orders
D. Ensuring compatibility of website with browsers
88. To reinforce a positive image with the local community, a business's public-relations department may coordinate activities that involve
A. services marketing.
B. product branding.
C. charitable causes.
D. organizational issues.
89. Which of the following items are the most appropriate to include in the Whispering Pines Bed and Breakfast Inn's press kit:
A. Photos of the inn, breakfast menu, informational brochure, and press releases
B. Business card, press releases, a current guest list, and copies of published feature articles
C. Press releases, photos, recipe ideas, and a copy of the community newspaper
D. List of awards, photos of the rooms, a current guest list, and press releases
90. What activity should occur first when planning a special event?
A. Brainstorming
B. Scheduling
C. Shopping
D. Budgeting
91. What component of the promotional plan describes the specific tools that the business will use to promote its goods and services?
A. Budget
B. Objectives
C. Tactics
D. Evaluation
92. A riverboat tour company placed an ad containing a 20% discount coupon for its May weekend tours in a printed destination guidebook. What marketing metric will help the tour company determine the effectiveness of the promotion?
A. Coupon-redemption rate
B. Mail-in rebate rate
C. Market-share percentage rate
D. Click-through rate
93. Because Jasmine is an outside sales representative, she spends a lot of her time driving her car to call on her clients at their offices. What form of technology may help Jasmine avoid traffic jams and prevent her from getting lost?
A. Automated personal planner
B. Global positioning system
C. Electronic data interchange
D. Business analysis software
94. Acquiring product information makes sales presentations more
A. simple.
B. exciting.
C. accurate.
D. incredible.
95. Patrick has taken his car to Parnell's auto repair shop for several years. He feels comfortable taking his car to Parnell's because the employees perform their work competently, and the business charges a reasonable fee for the work. In this situation, Patrick's buying motive is based on
A. status.
B. testimonials.
C. culture.
D. patronage.
96. Which of the following is a benefit to the salesperson of questioning customers:
A. Enables salesperson to avoid offending customers
B. Enables salesperson to obtain information from customers
C. Helps salesperson to understand the business's needs
D. Helps salesperson to make the buying decision
97. Which of the following is a mistake to avoid when closing a sale:
A. Rushing customers through the product demonstration
B. Demonstrating the features and benefits of products
C. Waiting patiently for the customer to make up his/her mind
D. Using terms that refer to the customer's ownership of the product
98. Which of the following best describes trading-up:
A. Suggesting that the customer buy an assortment of goods
B. Attempting to build up the total amount of the sale
C. Persuading a customer to buy better quality, higher priced goods
D. Using high-pressure methods to sell more
99. Which of the following techniques might a salesperson use to try to sell goods to customers who say that they are just looking:
A. Follow them around
B. Ask personal questions
C. Point out specials
D. Leave them entirely alone
100. The management function of business is usually responsible for
A. preparing ads.
B. serving customers.
C. setting policy.
D. stocking shelves
01. Basic torts relating to businesses often involve disputes concerning
A. emotional stress.
B. assaults.
C. defamation.
D. contracts.
02. A primary responsibility of administrative law is to
A. establish congressional/parliamentary committees.
B. enforce agency regulations.
C. interpret constitutional laws.
D. overturn lower courts' decisions.
03. Which type of hotel security standard involves employing armed security guards in high-crime areas?
A. Personnel-related
B. Physical-related
C. Property-related
D. Procedure-related
04. Products that go straight from producers to consumers are using __________ channels of distribution.
A. unsatisfactory
B. indirect
C. unusual
D. direct
05. The dealers who are authorized by manufacturers to distribute the manufacturers' products are the ones who usually are negatively affected by
A. volume buying.
B. personal selling.
C. gray marketing.
D. sale pricing.
06. What is an effective technique for employees to use to extract relevant information from written materials?
A. Take notes while reading
B. Ask frequent questions
C. Develop a rough outline
D. Skim through chapter titles
07. What is an effective way to support and encourage someone who is talking to you?
A. Avoid making any noise while the speaker is talking
B. Interrupt the speaker to debate what s/he has said
C. Clap as the speaker makes each of her/his main points
D. Make comments such as “yes” or “I see” occasionally
08. An important guideline for effective listening is to
A. focus on details rather than key points.
B. practice active listening.
C. concentrate on the speaker's posture.
D. think about what you are going to say next.
09. What is the most appropriate closing to include in a response to a customer's e-mail inquiry for product information?
A. On behalf of LVN Industries, thank you for your order. Your confirmation number is 243597.
B. Thank you for your interest in XWQ products. Please let me know if you have any additional questions.
C. We apologize for the inconvenience and will send a corrected invoice to you within 24 hours.
D. The model 2CR is available in three colors—red, black, and white. Reply by e-mail with the color that you want.
10. Why is it often important to take notes during meetings or presentations?
A. Audience needs something to do.
B. Speaker is difficult to understand.
C. Information will be needed later.
D. Writing keeps the mind focused.
11. When writing a business report, Thomas might check his writing and style manual to determine the
A. synonyms for common words.
B. best way to set up tables using computer software.
C. formal definitions of important terms.
D. appropriate way to cite his resources.
12. Which of the following components of a business letter includes the date:
A. Body
B. Inside address
C. Heading
D. Salutation
13. Which of the following is the most appropriate method for supervisors to use when communicating about personal or confidential issues with individual employees:
A. Company newsletter
B. Face-to-face meeting
C. Telephone conference call
D. Staff memo
14. While working as a motel desk clerk, you have directed newly registered guests to an occupied room. The guests return to the front desk rather upset. You should immediately
A. blame the reservation system.
B. blame the room-numbering system.
C. ask them to check the room again.
D. apologize to the guests and reassign them.
15. A good way for salespersons to prevent customer complaints is by
A. pressuring customers to buy quality products.
B. showing customers high-priced products.
C. accurately determining each customer's needs.
D. asking the customer a lot of personal questions.
16. What is an important aspect of a customer-centric business?
A. Reducing the number of touch points with customers
B. Limiting the employees' decision making
C. Being satisfied with the status quo
D. Aligning business activities with customer needs
17. Transportation routes, rates, and services may all be regulated by
A. laws.
B. level of service.
C. competition.
D. intermediaries.
18. When Angela spent her birthday money on a designer handbag, the opportunity cost was
A. working out at the gym.
B. hanging out with friends.
C. reading a book.
D. buying concert tickets.
19. What usually results when business operations and procedures are efficient and economical?
A. Consumers can buy quality products at competitive prices.
B. Consumer prices are raised to increase profits.
C. More equipment is needed to produce finished products.
D. Monopolies can give all businesses a greater share of the market.
20. Which business activity provides the connecting link between the business and its customers?
A. Marketing
B. Financial analysis
C. Operations management
D. Strategic management
21. Which of the following is an advantage of using the divisional organizational structure:
A. It can create better customer experiences.
B. It's unpredictable in nature.
C. It balances conflicting organizational objectives.
D. It can encourage competition.
22. The freedom to compete is a characteristic of businesses that operate in a(n)
A. communist economy.
B. market economy.
C. imperial political environment.
D. independent society.
23. Research and development speed up production by
A. Providing employees with adequate job training.
B. Simplifying existing products.
C. Limiting inflation.
D. Reviewing company goals with employees.
24. Megan is a computer sciences specialist looking for a job while the economy is experiencing a recession. She interviews for two jobs: one with a well-respected firm that has been around for 20 years, and another with a firm that in six months will open its doors for the first time. Which of the following is NOT an advantage of taking a job at the new company:
A. Less competition
B. Lower costs
C. Greater pressure to expand
D. Easier to keep employees
25. Which of the following factors can lead to a lower standard of living for all Americans:
A. A limitation on imports
B. An increase in exports
C. A strong U.S. dollar
D. An unfavorable balance of trade
26. Why is cheating unfair to the one who cheats?
A. The cheater gets a good grade.
B. The teacher thinks the cheater studied.
C. The other students' scores are affected.
D. The cheater hasn't learned the material.
27. Self-control can help you to enjoy greater professional success by helping you to avoid
A. interacting with others.
B. remaining calm when provoked.
C. building a reputation.
D. making mistakes.
28. Admitting that you made a mistake can be difficult because making a mistake is so
A. embarrassing.
B. common.
C. ordinary.
D. predictable.
29. Considering your words carefully before saying them is known as
A. accepting your own emotions.
B. speaking tactfully.
C. making assumptions.
D. being creative.
30. Which of the following is evidence that diversity cannot be avoided:
A. The value placed on individualism
B. Stereotypes and prejudices
C. Language barriers
D. The demographic makeup of today's workforce
31. An activity that helps you prepare your responses to different negotiating styles is called
A. mode reflecting.
B. role playing.
C. reasoning.
D. brainstorming.
32. Which of the following is an example of a conflict response mode:
A. Meditation
B. Frustration
C. Avoidance
D. Exclusion
33. Which of the following will help you to be a good team member:
A. Responding quickly to others' comments
B. Listening to what others have to say
C. Dominating the group by constantly talking
D. Interrupting when you have something to say
34. What is the “Plan B” for a group trying to reach a consensus?
A. The second option on the list of alternatives
B. The second method of decision making
C. The second principle of the ground rules
D. The second point on the list of agenda items
35. Every year since she was born, Sophia's grandparents invested $100 on her birthday. Sophia is now 18 and the investment has grown large enough to pay for most of her college expenses. Her grandparents explain that this is because her money has grown in two ways: by earning interest, and then by earning interest on that interest. This is an example of
A. present value.
B. simple interest.
C. compound interest.
D. inflation.
36. Using a credit card is
A. a privilege reserved for working adults.
B. a good way to pay for impulsive purchases.
C. an inexpensive way to borrow money for an extended period.
D. like getting a free loan if you pay the balance each month.
37. Why is it important to read and reconcile bank statements?
A. To make a deposit
B. To calculate interest
C. To withdraw excess money
D. To balance an account
38. One way to reduce the risk of identity theft is by
A. storing passwords on web browsers.
B. disabling computer virus software.
C. shredding old bank statements.
D. photocopying credit-card receipts.
39. Since Logan is willing to accept a moderate or high risk in exchange for the potential of a moderate or high return, he should invest his funds in
A. stocks.
B. bonds.
C. savings accounts.
D. certificates of deposit.
40. Buying insurance is one way that businesses manage
A. risk.
B. coverage.
C. injury.
D. damage.
41. Accounting software applications facilitate a business's ability to efficiently track income and expenses, manage inventory, and
A. organize media transcripts.
B. plan work projects.
C. establish insurance policies.
D. process payroll.
42. Interest a business earns from its bank accounts is included in which category of the income statement?
A. Gross sales
B. Net income
C. Assets
D. Revenue
43. A tool that businesses can use to orient new employees is a(n)
A. employee handbook.
B. exit interview.
C. job résumé.
D. performance appraisal.
44. How could the corporate headquarters of a national restaurant chain use the U.S. Census data that it obtained online?
A. To determine if the market wants a new restaurant in the area
B. To determine what type of restaurant to open in a geographic area
C. To determine if the zoning laws in a certain geographical area are reasonable
D. To determine where to locate a new restaurant based on population growth
45. Rochelle is conducting telephone interviews to determine the demand for a new water park in the Nashville area. To more effectively sequence her questions based on the respondents' answers to earlier questions, Rochelle should use __________ software.
A. random-digit dialing (RDD)
B. interviewing user interface (IUI)
C. computer-assisted interviewing (CAI)
D. decision support system (DSS)
46. Which of the following would best enable a hotel to assess its business guests' ongoing behavior:
A. Sales records
B. Focus groups
C. Test markets
D. Vouchers
47. Calculate the range if 30 customers visit a business two times a month, 45 customers visit the business three times a month, 55 customers visit the business four times a month, and 20 customers visit the business five times a month.
A. 4
B. 2
C. 3
D. 5
48. When citing research findings during an oral presentation, the presenter should make sure that the information is
A. accurate and creative.
B. relevant and timely.
C. interesting and current.
D. objective and superficial.
49. What marketing function directly affects how well a product will sell and the amount of money the business will make?
A. Channel Management
B. Promotion
C. Product/Service Management
D. Pricing
50. A person who promotes Walt Disney theme parks is marketing a(n)
A. service.
B. cause.
C. lifestyle.
D. intermediary.
51. One of the main purposes of target marketing in the travel and tourism industry is to
A. develop partnerships with suppliers.
B. analyze the strengths of the industry.
C. reach the correct market segment.
D. create interesting travel themes.
52. What portable device can businesspeople use to store electronic documents, so they can later retrieve them from other computers?
A. Audio tape
B. Camera film
C. Flash drive
D. Computer battery
53. What is an advantage to a company that effectively manages its business information?
A. Increases information overload
B. Eliminates customer dissatisfaction
C. Saves time and money
D. Reduces the need for compliance
54. Which of the following is an important component of computer systems:
A. Internet
B. Software
C. Website
D. E-commerce
55. Which of the following is true regarding most word-processing computer applications:
A. A document can be changed while the user is viewing it on a monitor.
B. A spell check is automatically conducted on every document.
C. Once a document has been saved, it cannot be reformatted.
D. The use of word processors reduces the time needed to conduct project research.
56. What is an important consideration when selecting graphics and posting them on a business's website?
A. Descriptive links
B. Font size
C. Download time
D. Log files
57. To increase efficiency among channel members, which type of software allows for the secure transfer of information via the Internet:
A. Internet service provider
B. Intranet system
C. Virtual private network
D. Client network
58. A new law was passed that affects the type of personnel records Germaine must keep at his financial services company. This is an example of which influence on the selection of records that businesses keep?
A. Industry
B. Leaders
C. Regulations
D. Size
59. What type of trend are businesses considering when they analyze where customers live and their ethnic backgrounds?
A. Cultural
B. Environmental
C. Technical
D. Demographic
60. Health and safety regulations in business usually require businesses to
A. report workplace accidents.
B. inspect office facilities.
C. hold regular safety meetings.
D. purchase fireproof supplies.
61. Which of the following is a technique that employees can use to help prevent accidents in the workplace:
A. Plan job training programs.
B. Follow safety instructions.
C. Develop operating guidelines.
D. Complete necessary paperwork.
62. Which of the following is NOT something you need to complete your project:
A. Sponsors
B. Tools
C. Permission
D. Money
63. A project manager may schedule a meeting with his project team when closing the project to
A. determine project priorities and processes.
B. establish the project's long-term goals.
C. delegate the project's tasks to team members.
D. evaluate the project's successes and obstacles.
64. Claire is responsible for maintaining an inventory of routine office supplies for a small business. To determine the optimal level of inventory of each item to keep on hand, Claire should consider the
A. business's budgeting method.
B. employees' individual preferences.
C. average product usage amount per month.
D. vendors' daily sales promotions.
65. What is one of the most important components of the production process?
A. Inputs and outputs
B. Goods and services
C. New technology
D. Human resources
66. Which of the following is an example of a quality control method used in the workplace:
A. An accounts receivable employee submits a weekly report.
B. A factory production line makes 2,465 widgets per minute.
C. An advertising manager corrects a copywriter's ad copy.
D. A human-resources manager completes paperwork for a new hire.
67. When a purchasing agent ordered products for a national park's gift shop, s/he agreed to the terms F.O.B. destination. What can the purchasing agent expect as a result of these terms?
A. The purchasing agent will pay shipping charges from the vendor's shipping point.
B. The vendor will pay shipping charges to the national park's gift shop.
C. The park will not be charged shipping charges since it's a government agency.
D. The transportation company will pay shipping charges to the park's destination.
68. Which of the following instructions should the manager stress during security training as the business's main objective during a robbery:
A. Preventing the robber from getting the cash
B. Looking the robber directly in the eyes
C. Asking the robber to repeat his/her request
D. Safeguarding customers and employees
69. Which of the following is a true statement about sleep:
A. The amount of sleep you get does not affect your health.
B. The amount of sleep people need varies from person to person.
C. Going to bed early will ensure that you get enough sleep.
D. Everyone needs eight hours of sleep each night.
70. Which of the following techniques for developing ideas is especially useful for project planning:
A. Redefining
B. Forced ambiguities
C. Color coding
D. Concept mapping
71. Which of the following is not a time waster:
A. Refusing to delegate
B. Requiring 100% accuracy on all work
C. Submitting work with errors
D. Building in planning time
72. What should individuals take into consideration when researching employment opportunities in business?
A. Future outlook
B. Vacation time
C. Office environment
D. Safety program
73. Which of the following would indicate that a job applicant is more likely to make mistakes on the job:
A. The applicant does not provide references.
B. The cover letter lacks the applicant's signature.
C. The résumé contains misspelled words.
D. The applicant did not complete his/her college degree.
74. To take advantage of work-related networking opportunities, a businessperson might benefit by
A. joining a professional organization.
B. participating in an online social network.
C. developing a creative résumé and cover letter.
D. planning a meeting with a sales trainer.
75. Melanie recently graduated from college with a degree in hospitality management and has good organizational, communication, and management skills. Melanie enjoys traveling, sailing, and planning social events. Which of the following jobs in the hospitality and tourism industry best matches Melanie's skills and interests:
A. Hotel food and beverage manager
B. Cruise director
C. Resort housekeeping manager
D. Ship safety officer
76. What is the typical effect of an economic slowdown on the hospitality industry?
A. An increase in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available
B. A decrease in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available
C. A decrease in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available
D. An increase in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available
77. Because of regular changes in the supply of and demand for hotel rooms, prices for rooms are often
A. negotiable.
B. consistent.
C. classified.
D. imprecise.
78. A representative from a local distributor shows you calendars featuring photos of the most scenic locations within the community, a board game developed by the local chamber of commerce, a Fourth of July banner, and a holiday ornament designed by senior citizens. If your Welcome Center specializes in selling community-based products that can be promoted throughout the year, which would you buy?
A. Holiday ornament
B. Calendar
C. Banner
D. Board game
79. Which of the following is an example of a product in the travel and tourism industry:
A. An inquiry about flight schedules
B. A brochure explaining cruise options
C. A fly-drive vacation package
D. A confirmation letter to a customer
80. To inspect and evaluate the available colors and quality of a vendor's table linens firsthand, a resort's purchasing manager might ask the vendor to provide
A. customer testimonials.
B. fabric samples.
C. product warranties.
D. substitute products.
81. Buyer Jones is negotiating a contract to purchase a large quantity of products from Seller Brown. There are several things Jones wants Brown to agree to before Jones will agree to buy. What is this buyer asking for?
A. Consequences
B. Concessions
C. Commitments
D. Commissions
82. One reason why it is important for a business to be involved in community activities is because this involvement often
A. requires employees to donate their time.
B. sets the business apart from competitors.
C. helps the business to test new products.
D. allows customers to meet top management.
83. Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, which prides itself on its extensive collection of art and artifacts, has created a series of audio programs featuring discussions with art experts about works of art found at Four Season Hotels and Resorts around the country. These recordings, available in several different formats, are available for download at the company's website. Which of the following terms best describes these audio programs:
A. Podcasts
B. Social media
C. Blogs
D. Ad serving
84. A business that asks customers to forward an email to their friends or associates is engaged in
A. direct advertising.
B. viral marketing.
C. image building.
D. suggestion selling.
85. What type of mobile-gaming application is likely to appeal to NASCAR fans?
A. Tennis
B. Flag-football
C. Auto-racing
D. Golf
86. Why would a graphic designer for an amusement park find the color image of the park on a computer screen to be different from the park's actual color?
A. Color rendition requires CAD-CAM capabilities.
B. The color wheel was not compared with the computer image.
C. Software lacks the capability to depict true colors.
D. Color reproduction processes define different visible areas.
87. Following a stay at a beach resort, a guest wrote a positive review of it on the Orbitz website. This is an example of a(n)
A. word-of-mouth (WOM) strategy.
B. out-of-home advertisement.
C. press release.
D. community-involvement activity.
88. In a movie that's about to be released, the main actors stop their car in front of a billboard for InterContinental Hotels. For the audience, this is an example of
A. special events.
B. out-of-home advertising.
C. personal selling.
D. product placement.
89. Which of the following is most likely to be characteristic of an effective advertising headline:
A. Multiple typefaces
B. Simple, common words
C. More than eight words long
D. Avoidance of brand name
90. What should you do to write effective direct-marketing copy?
A. Introduce the call to action early in the material
B. Send readers to the company's Facebook page to obtain the order form
C. Tell readers how your product is like those of your competitors
D. Make incredible claims to hook readers into finishing the material
91. Which of the following is a promotional message that would likely appeal to a target market that consists of 18- to 24-year-old fashion-oriented females:
A. Newspaper advertisement for an office-equipment sale
B. Radio commercial for new energy drinks
C. Television commercial showing a popular chain's new clothing line
D. Brochure about the health benefits of certain vitamins
92. A business owner checks the final proofs of the body copy of an advertisement against the original, approved copy in order to make sure that
A. the company logo is in place.
B. all the corrections were made.
C. all the photos are attractive.
D. the headlines are interesting.
93. In just its first six months of operation, Smoky Mountain Cabin Rentals has developed a long list of individuals who have specifically requested more information about the accommodations that Smoky Mountain offers. The company has a mailing address, phone number, and e-mail address for each person. Which of the following direct marketing media would be best suited for communicating directly with these potential guests on a weekly basis:
A. E-mail
B. Direct mail
C. Website
D. Television
94. Participating in community outreach activities might be considered a form of
A. institutional promotion.
B. customer service.
C. target marketing.
D. product promotion.
95. Which of the following elements of design might a display designer use to create contrast in a display:
A. Harmony
B. Balance
C. Texture
D. Distance
96. A hotel purchases theater tickets for upcoming plays, arranges discounts at local restaurants, and advertises that, for one price, a guest can stay at the hotel, receive two tickets to a play, and receive a discount on meals. This special promotion is known as a(n) __________ plan.
A. advertising
B. group
C. budget
D. package
97. A customer has been looking at different brands of the same product for several minutes. What is the most appropriate sales approach to use under these circumstances?
A. "May I help you?"
B. "Good morning. How are you?"
C. "Brand X is on sale today."
D. "What can I do for you today?"
98. When customers are provided the most satisfactory goods, they have positive feelings about the company and often
A. take their business elsewhere.
B. return the items for credit.
C. tell others about the business.
D. expect discounts on future sales.
99. Which of the following is an example of suggestion selling:
A. "This tie matches your shirt."
B. "That silk tie is $28.50."
C. "That tie would be my choice."
D. "This tie is 100% silk."
100. Which of the following is a factor that often motivates people to choose a certain travel destination:
A. Methods of promotion
B. Actions of competitors
C. Level of maintenance
D. Recommendations of friends
01. What type of debtor-creditor relationship involves the acquisition and use of credit cards?
A. Customary
B. Unintentional
C. Voluntary
D. Implied
02. One of the characteristics of the form of business ownership known as an LLC is that
A. this kind of business can last indefinitely.
B. it is required to have at least three owners (members).
C. the IRS collects taxes based on the LLC's gross income.
D. the owners' personal property cannot be taken to pay the business's debts.
03. A community experiences an increase in food and beverage taxes. How might the tax increase impact the hospitality industry in the community?
A. The tax increase forces hotels to increase their room rates on a seasonal basis.
B. Hotel restaurants and banquet facilities generally increase the prices of their products.
C. Hotels have more unoccupied rooms because consumers have less discretionary income.
D. Most hospitality businesses are not affected by changes in taxation rates.
04. A business that makes sure that a line of seasonal goods is in stock and on display when the first advertisement appears in the newspaper is coordinating channel management with
A. pricing.
B. visual merchandising.
C. promotion.
D. public relations.
05. Which of the following actions are foreign hotel chains taking that most encourages bookings by travel agents in a different country:
A. Providing a website with secure online booking capabilities
B. Listing a toll-free number to call to book reservations
C. Paying commissions in the travel agents' currency
D. Renovating the hotel chain to provide the comforts and conveniences found in the home country
06. Which of the following business resources provides information about the company's dress codes and vacation policies, and general rules for appropriate behavior:
A. Personnel record
B. Productivity manual
C. Customer newsletter
D. Employee handbook
07. What should employees be willing to accept when defending their ideas objectively?
A. Additional responsibility
B. Critical feedback
C. Nonverbal support
D. Personal attack
08. Which of the following is typically the first step in holding a group discussion:
A. Make sure group members understand the group's purpose.
B. Find out what group members know about the subject.
C. Summarize what the group has said during the discussion.
D. Build on another group member's comment.
09. Why is it important for speakers to rehearse an oral presentation?
A. Rehearsing allows the speaker to analyze the accuracy of the message content.
B. Rehearsing encourages the speaker to develop the notes for the presentation.
C. Rehearsing helps the speaker improve the delivery of the message.
D. Rehearsing provides the speaker with verbal feedback from the intended audience.
10. An employee is preparing a formal report and must present important facts in the sequence in which they occurred. The employee should prepare the report by presenting the information in ___________ order.
A. concurrent
B. inverted
C. chronological
D. reverse
11. Businesspeople need to use the correct words in written communication in order to make sure that the receiver __________ the message.
A. understands
B. agrees with
C. accepts
D. approves of
12. A memorandum is typically used for communication that takes place
A. between friends.
B. among competitors.
C. infrequently.
D. within a business.
13. Every Friday, Odessa is supposed to remind employees to complete and sign their time sheets before going home for the weekend. What is the most appropriate channel for Odessa's reminder to employees?
A. Fax
B. Email
C. Phone
D. Letter
14. What trait is being demonstrated when employees treat customers with respect and without prejudice?
A. Honesty
B. Integrity
C. Consideration
D. Empathy
15. What is the first step in handling customer complaints?
A. Let the customer explain the problem.
B. Call the manager for assistance.
C. Ask the customer to be brief.
D. Make a record of all the facts.
16. The ABC corporation's privacy policy states that the company will maintain the confidentiality of its customers' information at all times. Which of the following would be a violation of that policy?
A. Allowing customers the ability to opt-out of the email updates that the business provides
B. Implementing a frequent-buyers program for the business's customers
C. Collecting customer information with authorization to develop a customer profile
D. Selling customer lists without the customers' consent to third parties
17. The Abbey Hotel uses multiple channels of distribution so that
A. housekeeping has multiple opportunities to clean guest rooms.
B. there are multiple ways for guests to reserve their rooms.
C. the hotel manager has multiple chances to speak with staff.
D. the hotel restaurant offers a multitude of menu choices.
18. Form utility applies only to tangible goods such as
A. doctor's advice.
B. sweatshirts.
C. movie tickets.
D. dry cleaning.
19. Producers are willing to manufacture more of a product when
A. its selling price is increased.
B. its selling price is decreased.
C. production costs are increased.
D. demand for the product is decreased.
20. Businesses that contribute money to local educational, cultural, and training programs are showing social responsibility to their
A. stockholders.
B. employees.
C. customers.
D. communities.
21. The owner of a small company decides to stock a new product. Which business activity should the owner use to inform potential customers about the new product?
A. Management
B. Finance
C. Marketing
D. Production
22. How has the spread of capitalism in the world since the early 1990s affected business?
A. It has led to improvements in technology.
B. It has encouraged the growth of a global economy.
C. It has provided increased protection for domestic businesses.
D. It has reduced labor costs.
23. Which phase of the business cycle would most likely have an unfavorable effect on the business environment:
A. Contraction
B. Expansion
C. Maturity
D. Remission
24. The formula that is generally used to measure productivity is
A. labor divided by resources.
B. outputs divided by inputs.
C. goods divided by time.
D. inputs divided by labor.
25. One way that businesses can encourage economic growth without increasing their investment in labor and capital is by
A. applying for business loans.
B. asking the government to freeze wages.
C. increasing their productivity.
D. buying larger amounts of capital goods.
26. Which of the following is not a benefit of maintaining a positive attitude:
A. Learning new skills more easily
B. Earning fame and money
C. Achieving your goals
D. Enjoying better personal relationships
27. Brianna knows that traffic jams cause her stress, so she drives to work before the rush hour whenever possible. Brianna is using
A. the reward technique.
B. stimulus control.
C. the punishment technique.
D. extinction.
28. Gestures are classified as part of __________ communication.
A. audiovisual
B. written
C. verbal
D. nonverbal
29. Negotiators decide how to get what they want by
A. making demands.
B. developing strategies.
C. establishing rules.
D. being aggressive.
30. The first step in resolving a conflict occurs when one of the two people
A. asks for a third party's opinion.
B. discusses resolution options.
C. remains calm and objective.
D. acknowledges the conflict.
31. Which of the following is not a behavior of an achievement-oriented person:
A. Not being satisfied with current performance
B. Taking responsibility
C. Taking big risks
D. Producing high-quality work
32. Which of the following is a true statement about change:
A. Everyone reacts differently to change.
B. Change can be avoided.
C. Change comes in only one form.
D. All changes are good.
33. Effective coaches are patient, dependable, and
A. critical.
B. approachable.
C. distracted.
D. entertaining.
34. Which of the following is a tip that you should follow about office politics:
A. Work hard.
B. Voice your opinions readily.
C. Keep to yourself.
D. Listen and observe others.
35. When Brandon lost his job due to downsizing, the government sent him an unemployment check to help him cover his living expenses until he found another job. What is Brandon's source of income?
A. Transfer payment
B. Rebate
C. Refund
D. Wage garnishment
36. Which of the following is a reason that businesses extend credit to customers?
A. To take advantage of the convenience
B. To purchase stock as needed
C. To save money
D. To be competitive
37. Developing a personal budget is an effective way to
A. manage money.
B. pay bills.
C. calculate assets.
D. increase debt.
38. On January 3, Anna mailed her credit card payment, which was due on January 5. The credit card issuer received the payment on January 7. What most likely appeared on Anna's credit card statement the following month?
A. Late fee
B. Application charge
C. Processing charge
D. Over-limit fee
39. Which of the following is the type of organization that a person can contact to verify that his/her credithistory report is accurate:
A. Debt collection agency
B. Credit compliance office
C. Judicial bankruptcy court
D. Authorized credit bureau
40. Electrical storms, floods, and earthquakes are examples of __________ risk.
A. human
B. marketing
C. natural
D. economic
41. When a business buys buildings, vehicles, and equipment, money is flowing out of the business to acquire
A. assets.
B. products.
C. staples.
D. supplies.
42. Balancing the business's objective to make a profit with the interests of all the business's stakeholders is a primary consideration related to the business's
A. maintenance activities.
B. creative processes.
C. financial ethics.
D. forecasting methods.
43. Which of the following procedures is usually a part of the new-employee orientation process:
A. Tour of the facilities
B. On-the-job training
C. Meeting with a counselor
D. Evaluation of performance
44. Which of the following is a situation that illustrates a hospitality/tourism business collecting primary marketing information:
A. A corporate conference planner reads a trade publication to obtain information about trends in the event-planning industry.
B. A car-rental company obtains a research report about travelers' automobile preferences from a professional association's website.
C. A motel housekeeping employee delivers extra towels to a guest's room and asks the guest if s/he needs anything else.
D. A hotel sales representative follows up with clients to get feedback about their experiences with the facility's banquet services.
45. Melissa wants to determine the market size of the bed-and-breakfast lodging market in Mariopolis County. There are 3,500 customers in the market. An average customer in the market stays at a bedand-breakfast approximately four nights per year. The price of an average bed-and-breakfast room is $175. What is the estimated size of the Mariopolis County bed-and-breakfast lodging market?
A. $2,450,000
B. $153,125
C. $1,225,000
D. $628,250
46. If 12 people buy a certain product once a month, 18 people buy the product twice a month, 15 people buy the product three times a month, 14 people buy the product four times a month, and 11 people buy the product five times a month, what is the mode?
A. 18
B. 2
C. 5
D. 14
47. To make sure the purpose of the content is clear, the data that are placed in a table should be
A. properly labeled.
B. included in the appendices.
C. attractively presented.
D. placed in the report's margins.
48. What can business professionals do during oral presentations to ensure their audiences' understanding of marketing-research findings?
A. Speak very slowly
B. Repeat minor points
C. Include humor whenever possible
D. Use clear, concise language
49. A buying decision begins with a(n)
A. choice.
B. need.
C. information search.
D. assessment of options.
50. One of the characteristics of travel and tourism marketing is that it has a significant impact on
A. world climates.
B. social sciences.
C. historical facts.
D. local economies.
51. What is the first factor that should be considered when developing a travel and tourism package for a specific market segment?
A. Age, gender, and income of the market
B. Identity, accessibility, and durability of the market
C. Economic conditions of the destination
D. Most appropriate advertising medium
52. Which of the following is an example of a business applying information to accomplish a task:
A. Reviewing data on trends to develop new products
B. Conducting research on consumer preferences
C. Developing questionnaires for local surveys
D. Examining promotional activities of competitors
53. Which of the following is a trend in information management:
A. Increased compliance laws and regulations
B. Decreased competition
C. Decreased number of electronic documents
D. Increased number of workers in the office
54. When using a word-processing computer program, which of the following functions allows a user to remove text from one part of the document and place in another part of the document:
A. Copy, paste
B. Cut, paste
C. Find, replace
D. Delete, replace
55. The primary purpose of collaborative software applications in the business environment is to
A. interpret data.
B. share information.
C. archive old documents.
D. maintain authority.
56. What is needed to post a web page to a website?
A. PDF reader
B. Web server
C. Wireless router
D. Affiliate partner
57. One of the reasons why a chain of hotels might analyze and interpret the marketing information contained in databases is to
A. survey guests.
B. compare variables.
C. tabulate findings.
D. organize products.
58. What is one reason that a business might make its financial records available to a bank?
A. To obtain credit
B. To pay a mortgage
C. To deposit funds
D. To open an account
59. Which of the following is not an example of demographic data:
A. Education
B. Employment status
C. Need for convenience
D. Religious affiliation
60. One way that businesses maintain the security of data that they send over the Internet to clients is by using a software program that prevents a(n)
A. search engine from being used.
B. virus from being downloaded.
C. attachment from being included.
D. document from being forwarded.
61. What type of safety hazard might be created by plugging too many machines or appliances into one wall outlet?
A. Material
B. Production
C. Electrical
D. Operational
62. The project manager controls what the project will and will not do, known as the project's
A. scope.
B. budget.
C. plan.
D. schedule.
63. To help project managers identify the resources needed for a project, they often develop
A. schedules.
B. checklists.
C. timelines.
D. summaries.
64. Project managers think through the flow of information needed for project success while creating the
A. quality-management plan.
B. change-management plan.
C. communications plan.
D. risk-management plan.
65. The production activity that obtains all the resources needed for production to take place is
A. dispatching.
B. scheduling.
C. routing.
D. purchasing.
66. Supervising business and manufacturing processes to ensure quality and efficiency is a quality-control method known as
A. statistical process control.
B. concurrent engineering.
C. process performance management.
D. the Taguchi method.
67. Which of the following is a reason why hospitality and tourism businesses try to decrease their operating expenses:
A. To improve service
B. To promote efficiency
C. To expand sales
D. To increase profit
68. Which of the following is a procedure that a tour operator might use when handling emergency situations such as natural disasters:
A. Provide medical advice
B. Assist with evacuation
C. Protect private property
D. Activate alarm system
69. Using an orderly and systematic approach to jobs should make a worker more
A. productive.
B. open-minded.
C. careless.
D. tense.
70. Ron has developed the habit of evaluating his goals on a monthly basis. During this time, he checks off goals that he has achieved and modifies others as necessary. Ron is very good at choosing goals that are realistic, attainable, and challenging. He can set up steps to achieve them. Unfortunately, Ron only achieves 25% of his goals. Ron could improve his rate of goal attainment by
A. avoiding writing down goals.
B. describing the benefits of setting goals.
C. telling others about his goal.
D. lowering his standards and setting unrealistic goals.
71. An effective time-management approach for the manager of a large staff of employees would be to
A. build flexibility into his/her schedule.
B. fill each day's work schedule completely.
C. block off six hours of uninterrupted work time daily.
D. delegate most managerial responsibilities to an assistant.
72. Lauren was filling out an employment application and encountered a question for which she was unsure of the answer. What should she do?
A. Leave a blank space
B. Write in "unknown"
C. Make up an answer
D. Mark down "personal"
73. What information should appear in the first paragraph of a letter of application?
A. Telephone number
B. Salary requirements
C. Job applying for
D. Name of applicant
74. The American Marketing Association and the Canadian Marketing Association are examples of
A. focus groups.
B. trade associations.
C. support groups.
D. professional organizations.
75. One of the services provided by some professional organizations in the travel and tourism industry is training that leads to obtaining
A. college degrees.
B. firsthand experience.
C. certification.
D. online instruction.
76. The Gray Line bus company offers bus tours in various cities throughout the United States. Gray Line is included in which of the following components of the travel and tourism industry:
A. Wholesale distribution
B. Hospitality
C. Travel mart
D. Ground transportation
77. Renaissance is a prestigious cruise line that offers luxury accommodations and charges premium prices. What factor affecting price of travel products does this illustrate?
A. Discriminatory pricing
B. Corporate image and positioning
C. Competitive pricing
D. Corporate objectives
78. Which of the following would be the best option for restaurant managers to do to encourage the identification of new product ideas:
A. Encourage their trade association to regularly submit new product ideas to local restaurants
B. Encourage competitors to recommend new product ideas
C. Encourage family members to generate new product suggestions and ideas
D. Encourage employees to report new product ideas from other restaurants they visit
79. Which of the following is not a guide that a business should use in determining what to purchase:
A. Product catalogs
B. Sales records
C. Owner interest
D. Trade associations
80. What is the core product that cruise lines provide passengers?
A. Luggage handling
B. Entertainment
C. Food service
D. Transportation
81. Tony owns a charter fishing boat business on the Outer Banks of North Carolina. Which of the following websites would you recommend for Tony to place a pay-per-click advertisement:
A. www.surfboardsusa.net
B. www.obxbaitandtackle.com
C. www.redlobster.com
D. www.whitewaterrafting.net
82. Which of the following is an action that is most likely to improve a hospitality business's Internet searchengine rankings:
A. Including cascading style sheets
B. Including unrelated jargon in anchor text
C. Using underscores to separate key words
D. Using key words in URLs
83. One week prior to its official grand opening, Wacky Wild Fun Park invited 200 teenagers to a complimentary "sneak preview Saturday" of all that the amusement park has to offer—its rides, food, and entertainment. At the end of the day, as each teen passed through the exit gate, park employees gave each guest five Wacky Wild Key chains to pass on to her/his friends. Park employees also reminded the departing guests to tell their friends about all the fun they had at the amusement park. This is an example of
A. merchandising.
B. personal selling.
C. print advertising.
D. buzz marketing.
84. Which of the following target markets is most likely to respond favorably to a viral marketing campaign that includes an interactive game:
A. Male professionals aged 22 to 29
B. Female professionals aged 22 to 29
C. Male professionals aged 30 to 36
D. Female professionals aged 30 to 36
85. An important consideration in selecting a customer evangelist for a restaurant is
A. the size of the person's social circles.
B. the person's educational background.
C. the person's work schedule.
D. the person's political affiliation.
86. Every year, a well-known female talk-show host discusses a variety of products that she likes on the “favorite things” episode of her syndicated television show. This is an example of a celebrity engaging in
A. word-of-mouth marketing.
B. sponsorship activities.
C. online-advertising strategies.
D. customized communication.
87. The primary goal of effective Internet advertising copy is to
A. include as much text as possible.
B. provide personal opinions.
C. create a sense of urgency.
D. use humor to convey the message.
88. An important purpose of checking a business's advertising proofs is to
A. compare the ad with competitors' ads.
B. determine how long the ad should be run.
C. make sure the firm's name is correct.
D. select the media that will present the ad.
89. Which of the following is a community issue that a business might decide to become involved with and support:
A. Truth in lending
B. Consumer rights
C. Food for the needy
D. Personal ethics
90. Which of the following activities occurs during the planning phase of the website development process:
A. Designing the page layout
B. Writing easy-to-understand copy
C. Determining how to take orders
D. Ensuring compatibility of website with browsers
91. When a business negotiates a contract that requires the vendor to arrange for transportation, the business is negotiating the
A. logistics.
B. premiums.
C. payments.
D. allowances.
92. Which of the following should be included in a news release:
A. Trite expressions
B. White space and logo
C. Who, what, when, why, and where
D. Copy, illustration, and headline
93. Which of the following is part of maintaining an interior display:
A. Putting up a new backdrop
B. Replacing merchandise as it is sold
C. Changing the color scheme
D. Putting up new fixtures and lighting
94. If a hotel chain wants to track the number of times that Internet users access its website through an ad placed on another website, what marketing metric should be used?
A. Click-through rate
B. Gross page impressions
C. Cost per click
D. Transactions per hour
95. The Ramada Inn is a sponsor of the annual "Festival of Trees," which raises money for a local women's shelter. This is an example of
A. product mix.
B. endorsement.
C. promotion.
D. marketing mix.
96. The Premier Hotel inserts a coupon offering a midweek special in the local newspaper. What type of promotional activity is the hotel using?
A. Advertising
B. Public relations
C. Selling
D. Sales promotion
97. When customers appear to be browsing, the best approach for the salesperson to use would be to
A. let the customer browse at his/her leisure.
B. greet promptly and close the sale quickly.
C. greet and be available for service/information.
D. wait for the customer to initiate contact.
98. In order to effectively sell services to customers, salespeople should be able to clearly explain the __________ of those services.
A. benefits
B. assets
C. goals
D. traits
99. Car rental agents usually suggest that customers rent a larger car than the one requested online. This technique is known as
A. substitute selling.
B. upselling.
C. suggestion selling.
D. outsourcing.
100. A restaurant is featuring a two-for-one dinner special that offers the lower priced dinner for free. What amount should a server deduct from the bill if a party of three orders a $12.99 dinner, a $15.99 dinner, a $10.99 dinner, three beverages at $2.29 each, and one $5.99 dessert?
A. $16.98
B. $12.99
C. $13.28
D. $10.99
01. What is the Environmental Protection Agency allowed to do if it suspects a business that distributes or sells pesticides is in violation of the law?
A. Temporarily close the business
B. Collect samples from the business
C. Ask the business to relocate
D. Tell the business to sell a different product
02. What type of business is owned by stockholders who share the business's profits?
A. Sole proprietorship
B. Partnership
C. Cooperative
D. Corporation
03. Which of the following statements is true regarding regulation in the travel and tourism industry:
A. Regulation policies are always being instituted, revised, and repealed.
B. The same regulations apply to all travel and tourism businesses.
C. There are no regulations in place for the physical environment.
D. Governments limit regulation to the transportation industry.
04. Which of the following intermediaries never actually owns the products it promotes and sells:
A. Industrial users
B. Wholesalers
C. Retailers
D. Agents
05. One reason a channel of distribution that has strong leadership is often able to avoid conflict within the channel is because the leader has the
A. ability to provide training.
B. personality to develop friendships.
C. authority to demand cooperation.
D. capacity to regulate change.
06. Before an individual can follow directions, s/he must first be ready to
A. understand.
B. write.
C. speak.
D. listen.
07. Because front desk clerks give out information to callers, it is very important for them to have
A. a professional appearance.
B. a wide range of experience.
C. excellent verbal skills.
D. good body-language skills.
08. To contribute to a discussion in a useful way, you avoid
A. talking about what's on your mind.
B. letting others know if you're stating a fact or opinion.
C. blurting out statements without thinking.
D. paying attention when others are speaking.
09. When organizing an oral presentation, you use cause-and-effect order to
A. arrange material into related subcategories.
B. describe a problem and a plan for solving it.
C. emphasize the relationship between events.
D. put items in time sequence.
10. One of the important characteristics that makes written communication effective is
A. faulty punctuation.
B. long paragraphs.
C. complex words.
D. short sentences.
11. Employees should be encouraged to communicate suggestions for changes to management because
A. the change may improve the business.
B. change is always good.
C. change is motivational.
D. the employees will feel appreciated.
12. What is one way that employees who routinely deal with customers can demonstrate a customer-service mindset?
A. Stand at attention
B. Speak in a monotone
C. Make eye contact
D. Keep a straight face
13. What is the first step employees should take in handling customer complaints?
A. Listen to the customer
B. Restate the customer's complaint
C. Ask the customer for a solution
D. Determine the appropriate action to take
14. An amusement park offers a special Labor Day package that can be purchased only through the park. This is an example of __________ distribution.
A. indirect
B. direct
C. network
D. channel
15. Resource owners and producers rely on a variety of techniques when human resources are limited. Which of the following techniques would most likely aid in preserving human resources:
A. Increased job training
B. Decreased job promotions
C. Decreased job wages
D. Increased job retirement incentives
16. If the money supply is low and the demand for money is high, interest rates on loans will
A. decrease.
B. increase.
C. stay about the same.
D. increase, then decrease.
17. An employee's formal level of authority in a firm directly relates to his/her power to
A. apply knowledge.
B. create problems.
C. formulate ideas.
D. make decisions.
18. Which of the following statements about perfect competition is correct:
A. Products vary from seller to seller.
B. There is a limited supply of goods and services.
C. Businesses have a good deal of control over the market.
D. It is used as a benchmark to compare real market structures against.
19. When prices and wages go up, tax revenues will usually
A. go up.
B. remain stable.
C. go down.
D. fluctuate.
20. The total output of an economy during a one-year period is known as its
A. gross domestic product.
B. nondurable goods and services.
C. production possibilities curve.
D. marginal propensity to consume.
21. One way employees can demonstrate initiative is by handling __________ situations effectively.
A. routine
B. regular
C. unexpected
D. training
22. Which of the following statements does not reflect a person's integrity:
A. I don't take anything that isn't mine.
B. I listen in on others' conversations.
C. I pay all my debts promptly.
D. I am truthful in all situations.
23. Hannah has been feeling bored and grumpy lately, so she decides to take dance lessons at the local community center. Which step in the process of maintaining a positive attitude does this illustrate?
A. Have a sense of humor
B. Look sharp
C. Realize that it won't happen overnight
D. Act positively
24. All feedback provides its message recipients with ___________ information.
A. conservative
B. extensive
C. creative
D. evaluative
25. Which of the following is an example of people using persuasion in business:
A. Distributing a report to company officers that recommends policy changes
B. Delivering or distributing goods to a customer on a timely basis
C. Requesting product specifications from a vendor or manufacturer
D. Presenting the company's annual financial statement to the board of directors
26. Which of the following is not a reason why people resist change:
A. Fear
B. Trust
C. Lack of confidence
D. Contentment
27. What does listening have to do with being fair?
A. Listening benefits the speaker more than the listener.
B. Listening is not part of being fair to others.
C. Listening prevents disagreements between coworkers.
D. Listening to coworkers benefits both parties.
28. Many people pay for meals and lodging on credit through a(n)
A. unsecured loan.
B. installment credit account.
C. budget credit account.
D. travel and entertainment card.
29. When setting financial goals, it is important to make sure that they are realistic and
A. conservative.
B. general.
C. specific.
D. durable.
30. Which of the following types of insurance is intended to provide an income to an employee's dependents:
A. Life
B. Medical
C. Home
D. Collision
31. One of the advantages to business of collecting primary information is that this type of information is
A. internal.
B. expensive.
C. generic.
D. accurate.
32. Why is a good accounting system important to a business?
A. It shows the business how it is doing.
B. It prevents any financial losses.
C. It increases the return on investment.
D. It gives the business an image of success.
33. What might a business decide that it needs to do after comparing the categories in its income statement?
A. Increase revenues
B. Decrease sales
C. Increase expenses
D. Decrease transactions
34. Money the business owes is known as
A. accounts receivable.
B. equity.
C. assets.
D. accounts payable.
35. After a company's training needs are determined, what is the next step in training and development?
A. Managing employee performances
B. Determining what training resources are available
C. Keeping records for personnel files
D. Dismissing employees who are not up to standard
36. Anna is a marketing manager for an upscale resort, and is developing profiles of typical guests who stay at the resort. The best internal source of secondary information for Anna to obtain is
A. airline passenger lists.
B. government census reports.
C. guest registration records.
D. room status reports.
37. Which of the following is a web site that is likely to provide statistical tourism information for a specific destination:
A. The local chapter of the American Marketing Association
B. The Farmer's Almanac
C. Transportation Security Administration
D. The local chamber of commerce
38. If trends indicate that more people are booking airline flights to popular destinations, it is likely that
A. the unemployment rate will increase.
B. tour attendance will decline.
C. lodging occupancy rates will increase.
D. consumer spending will decline.
39. What is an advantage to using telephone interviews to collect marketing research?
A. It is less expensive than conducting face-to-face interviews.
B. Respondents usually are willing to participate in telephone interviews.
C. It is easy for researchers to obtain telephone numbers for the interviews.
D. Data gathered by telephone interviews are more credible than other survey methods.
40. Calculate the range if 30 customers visit a business two times a month, 45 customers visit the business three times a month, 55 customers visit the business four times a month, and 20 customers visit the business five times a month.
A. 5
B. 2
C. 4
D. 3
41. To make sure the purpose of the content is clear, the data that are placed in a table should be
A. included in the appendices.
B. properly labeled.
C. attractively presented.
D. placed in the report's margins.
42. When citing research findings during an oral presentation, the presenter should make sure that the information is
A. relevant and timely.
B. accurate and creative.
C. interesting and current.
D. objective and superficial.
43. A person who promotes Walt Disney theme parks is marketing a(n)
A. cause.
B. service.
C. lifestyle.
D. intermediary.
44. Selecting a target market is crucial because
A. a business can't be all things to all people.
B. it is required by law to do so.
C. companies cannot share target markets.
D. a company can't develop products without one.
45. Metropolitan hotels that contain several meeting rooms and large banquet facilities often target their marketing activities to
A. business travelers.
B. convention groups.
C. long-term guests.
D. leisure travelers.
46. One way for a hospitality business to obtain current information in a cost-effective and efficient manner is by
A. reviewing archived journals.
B. developing a survey.
C. accessing an Internet search engine.
D. interviewing experts.
47. If a company is managing its information effectively, the data should be accurate and
A. skewed.
B. relevant.
C. inconsistent.
D. positive.
48. Which of the following are applications that the integrated software package performs specifically for a travel agency:
A. Types letters and develops brochures
B. Manages hotel reservations and books airline seats
C. Stores payroll information and monitors clients' payments
D. Books car rentals and develops spreadsheets
49. Ken is developing a web page for a new bed-and-breakfast inn. He wants to add information on the web page that describes local tourist attractions and restaurants. To allow web-site visitors the ability to visit these other web sites from the bed-and breakfast inn's web site, Ken should create
A. cookies.
B. portals.
C. hyperlinks.
D. a site map.
50. Which of the following demonstrat es a typical reason businesses keep records relating to payroll deductions:
A. Because some employees leave their jobs
B. Because companies need to document wages paid
C. Because a governing agency will review the records
D. Because employees want to know the amounts
51. What is a benefit to a tour operator who makes business decisions of analyzing statistical information?
A. Increased competition
B. Lower demand
C. Improved performance
D. Lower outputs
52. A current issue in the travel and tourism industry that will continue to increase in importance is
A. market segmentation.
B. delayed retirement.
C. limited destinations.
D. inflexible schedules.
53. An important aspect of operations is making sure that the business is able to
A. inventory products.
B. motivate employees.
C. sell quickly.
D. function effectively.
54. One way to protect workers from slips and falls is to use
A. skid-resistant strips.
B. hard hats.
C. safety goggles.
D. receiving dock lights.
55. Which of the following is a true statement about project planning:
A. You should never develop a custom-made plan for your project.
B. With a project plan, you can mentally walk through your project from start to finish.
C. Through project planning, you can evaluate what you have accomplished.
D. You should not involve others in the planning process.
56. If a purchasing specialist and a supplier discuss potential issues and ways to resolve them prior to making a purchase, what are the two parties doing?
A. Transforming
B. Negotiating
C. Bidding
D. Forecasting
57. An organization with a quality culture would have executive-level managers who are
A. good at delegating all commitments for quality assurance.
B. committed, involved, and take responsibility for quality.
C. flexible, indifferent, and not responsible for quality.
D. able to enlist the expertise of outside contractors for quality.
58. Which of the following actions by employees might result in additional expense for a business:
A. Making personal use of company property
B. Taking the initiative to find work
C. Reporting incidents of shoplifting
D. Giving appropriate discounts to customers
59. In travel and tourism, the increase in terrorist activity throughout the world is an example of a(n)
A. environmental concern.
B. technological problem.
C. medical emergency.
D. employee safety issue.
60. When handling various waste and chemical products, hotel employees can reduce the risk of contamination by
A. sanitizing the products before handling them.
B. wearing disposable gloves when handling the items.
C. storing recyclables inside the facility.
D. washing their hands before contact with the product.
61. During fire emergencies, all hotel employees need to
A. activate the central sprinkler control system.
B. know emergency escape and route procedures.
C. check all fire extinguishers for malfunctions.
D. keep portable smoke detectors with them at all times.
62. Being organized helps to make workers more productive because organized workers
A. plan ahead and work at a relaxed pace.
B. accomplish less than disorganized workers.
C. help to create a good image for the business.
D. prefer to do things quickly at the last minute.
63. To allow your ideas to flow freely when trying to be creative, you should avoid being
A. self-critical.
B. independent.
C. determined.
D. curious.
64. How can individuals make informed decisions about the occupations that would be best suited to their abilities and interests?
A. Ask family and friends for suggestions
B. Choose a popular career
C. Visit a career fair
D. Use various assessment tools
65. Which of the following must appear on your resume:
A. Education
B. Marital status
C. Date of birth
D. List of references
66. Which of the following is a factor that businesses often consider when determining which employees to promote:
A. Family status
B. Ethnic background
C. Personal life
D. Leadership ability
67. A primary reason hospitality employees and businesses join professional or trade organizations is to
A. qualify for additional government funding.
B. develop promotional efforts and materials.
C. obtain further education and certification.
D. increase employee productivity.
68. Which of the following is a characteristic of the travel and tourism industry:
A. Provides overnight accommodations
B. Transports people to destinations away from home
C. Arranges for meals for international travelers
D. Organizes activities in a local community
69. After a party of six has finished the main course at a resort restaurant, the server brings over a tray of pastries and asks which ones they would like for dessert. This is an example of which of the following sales techniques:
A. Follow-up
B. Feature-benefit selling
C. Prospecting
D. Suggestion selling
70. Which of the following is an example of developing new products:
A. Marketing specialty products
B. Modifying existing products
C. Manufacturing convenience goods
D. Merchandising retail goods
71. Why is it important for a business to communicate the core values of its products?
A. To justify the price
B. To appeal to the target market
C. To develop appropriate advertising
D. To analyze market research
72. Before deciding what goods to buy, businesses often review past sales records in order to
A. organize storage facilities.
B. analyze transportation schedules.
C. determine customer preferences.
D. select qualified vendors.
73. Which of the following is an important factor that hotel restaurants consider when deciding when to buy food items:
A. Perishability
B. Dependability
C. Nutrition
D. Sanitation
74. Which of the following statements is true regarding the concept of product in the hospitality industry:
A. Hospitality products usually consist of something that is consumed rather than observed.
B. Hospitality products include tangible items such as dining service and special events.
C. The hospitality product is a good or service that satisfies a particular want or experience.
D. Hotel service is considered the most important product in the hospitality industry.
75. Which of the following is an example of a travel agent providing a product extension to customers:
A. Booking an all-inclusive trip to Mexico
B. Making reservations with a scheduled airline
C. Selling a cruise and a city tour before departure
D. Arranging a motorcoach tour through the mountains
76. A business sponsors the web site for a news agency. This is an example of online
A. hosting.
B. advertising.
C. selling.
D. bonding.
77. One of the advantages of using e-mail marketing is that it is
A. impersonal.
B. profit oriented.
C. anonymous.
D. cost effective.
78. Which of the following is a reason why businesses often use color in their advertisements:
A. To develop harmony
B. To promote unity
C. To create balance
D. To attract attention
79. Effective advertising layouts usually contain a
A. Web address.
B. photograph.
C. selling price.
D. focal point.
80. Adobe Illustrator and Corel Painter are examples of
A. desktop publishing programs.
B. drawing media.
C. Web page designers.
D. video software.
81. Which of the following is an impact of color harmonies on the composition of a print ad:
A. Develops logical sequence
B. Creates informal balance
C. Highlights specific element
D. Emphasizes overall design
82. One way to use the concept of digital color is to prepare
A. accurate proofs.
B. publicity plans.
C. marketing programs.
D. sales procedures.
83. How can copy in a print advertisement provide proof to readers that the product will perform as promised?
A. By preparing institutional advertisements
B. By being imaginative
C. By using a conversational tone
D. By using testimonials
84. Which of the following individuals has the final responsibility for checking an advertising proof:
A. Advertiser
B. Illustrator
C. Engraver
D. Media representative
85. What do businesses often receive as a result of their involvement in community activities?
A. Free advertising
B. Reimbursement
C. Positive publicity
D. Compensation
86. A news release about a business's establishment of a college scholarship is considered to be __________ news.
A. print
B. hard
C. local
D. soft
87. Arranging a joint promotional campaign with an area theme park that involves setting up displays in the quick-serve restaurant and sponsoring a contest is an example of preparing for a
A. publicity stunt.
B. celebrity visit.
C. trade show.
D. special event.
88. What type of display contains as much merchandise as it will hold?
A. Interior
B. Line-of-goods
C. Dump bin
D. Seasonal theme
89. Which of the following is a reason why it is important for businesses to properly maintain displays:
A. To evaluate performance
B. To eliminate creativity
C. To maximize effectiveness
D. To utilize floor space
90. Businesses often track marketing-communications activities by monitoring
A. suppliers.
B. commercials.
C. transactions.
D. priorities.
91. Promotion in the travel and tourism industry is often intended to inform customers about
A. publicity and public relations.
B. contests and sweepstakes.
C. new advertising campaigns.
D. new products and services.
92. What do many hotel chains use to promote their properties to large numbers of potential guests who are traveling by car?
A. Billboards
B. Newspapers
C. Magazines
D. Commercials
93. An advantage of using attractive window displays to promote a travel agency's vacation package is that it
A. promotes immediate feedback and stimulates impulse purchases.
B. can be used for long periods of time.
C. can be used without other promotional or sales elements.
D. increases long-term brand loyalty.
94. When you determine that your customer would benefit from better quality goods than s/he has requested, you should then use the technique of
A. bait and switch.
B. suggestion selling.
C. trading-up.
D. suggesting larger quantities.
95. Many professional salespeople feel that the best time to try for a close is
A. after suggestion selling.
B. when the customer seems ready to make a buying decision.
C. after covering all information.
D. when the customer seems undecided.
96. In the hospitality industry, price is the amount of money that a guest pays
A. for the use of a hotel's services.
B. to make future reservations.
C. to prevent possible cancellations.
D. for requesting additional towels.
97. What do salespeople need to consider when selling goods or services to an individual?
A. Adaptability
B. Environment
C. Education
D. Personality
98. Which of the following is the type of guest who is most likely to benefit, when a hotel employee advises the guest that the property has an on-site photocopy center:
A. Incentive
B. Business
C. Social
D. Leisure
99. A hotel restaurant is offering lobster dinners for a special price of $22.99 for one week only. If a table of four orders the dinners and two customers have coupons for a 15% discount on their dinners, calculate the total cost for the table.
A. $91.96
B. $78.16
C. $87.26
D. $85.06
100. What must managers be able to do if they want employees to understand the business's goals and be productive?
A. Communicate clearly
B. Listen carefully
C. Ask questions
D. Obtain feedback
01. Which of the following is an important factor that affects the legal procedure:
A. Misdemeanor
B. Freedom
C. Jurisdiction
D. Larceny
02. What type of corporation sells millions of shares and must furnish complete information about its earnings, assets, and debts?
A. Open
B. Close
C. "S"
D. Limited
03. Which of the following is true regarding passenger rights in the air travel industry:
A. It is legal for an airline to overbook a flight.
B. If baggage is lost, airlines pay a flat fee to reimburse the passenger.
C. There is an international "Bill of Rights" to protect air travel consumers.
D. Airlines must provide monetary compensation if a flight is delayed due to bad weather.
04. Which of the following services would be distributed by a producer to agent to consumer channel:
A. Legal defense of airlines
B. Food-service at a local restaurant
C. Lodging at a bed and breakfast
D. Travel planning
05. In which of the following situations might vertical conflict occur in a channel of distribution:
A. Two similar businesses compete for the same target market.
B. A manufacturer decides to sell its products on its web site.
C. Distributors for a product agree to charge the same price.
D. An organization sells additional franchises in the same city.
06. Which of the following is a guideline that employees should follow to be effective listeners:
A. Read directions
B. Ignore body language
C. Interrupt often
D. Ask questions
07. Which of the following is not a barrier to effective verbal communication:
A. Asking for clarification
B. Thinking of what to say next
C. Interrupting the speaker
D. Judging the speaker's appearance
08. Which of the following is a technique you can use to demonstrate a positive attitude over the telephone:
A. Use a wide vocabulary in conversations.
B. Smile when you answer the telephone.
C. Be informed about your business's rules.
D. Shut out all distractions while talking.
09. Once you know your group's purpose, what should you do next in a discussion?
A. Contribute in a useful way.
B. Find out what people know about the subject.
C. Volunteer a new idea.
D. Agree on ground rules.
10. What does an enclosure notation at the bottom of a business letter signify?
A. The sender prepared the letter.
B. Copies of the letter were sent to others.
C. The sender wishes a reply.
D. Something is being sent with the letter.
11. When developing persuasive business letters, it is most important for the writers to think about the readers'
A. nonverbal cues.
B. personal images.
C. decision-making styles.
D. possible objections.
12. Which of the following types of material are often included as attachments to the appendix of short reports:
A. Supporting documents
B. Table of contents
C. Title page
D. Conclusions and recommendations
13. Three types of communication usually found in a business with a formal communication network are
A. upward, horizontal, and diagonal.
B. grapevine, informal, and standard.
C. downward, upward, and lateral.
D. informational, official, and conversational.
14. When Brian got a new job, he made sure he knew how to use the cash register, became familiar with all the products and prices, and kept his work station very organized. In which way did Brian demonstrate the customer-service mindset?
A. Being accurate
B. Following-through
C. Following-up
D. Being efficient
15. Slow/Methodical customers take a lot of time to make buying decisions because they are either indecisive or shy. The shy customers are also referred to as __________ customers.
A. leave-me-alone
B. impatient
C. irritable
D. silent
16. A food server who has mixed up an order and brought the wrong menu items is an example of the __________ contributing to customer complaints.
A. consumer
B. employee
C. business
D. product
17. Which of the following is an example of distribution in the travel and tourism industry:
A. A travel agency advertising a fly/drive package
B. An airline flying passengers to their destination
C. A tour operator developing a charter bus trip
D. An attraction offering a reduced rate on admission
18. Lois is a high school senior who wants to go on her senior trip and have a new outfit for graduation. Unfortunately, Lois is unable to afford both. Which of the following categories of wants is displayed by Lois:
A. Unlimited
B. Unique
C. Competing
D. Noneconomic
19. Products that are available when they are needed have __________ utility.
A. possession
B. form
C. place
D. time
20. When customers buy the exact amount of goods that producers are selling at a specific price, the __________ price exists.
A. production
B. market
C. unit
D. equilibrium
21. One of the responsibilities of the business activity of human resources management is to
A. buy resources.
B. obtain funds.
C. promote goods.
D. hire employees.
22. When a business keeps a risk because management is unaware of it, the business is __________ the risk.
A. avoiding
B. preventing or controlling
C. retaining
D. transferring
23. Indirect competition occurs only between businesses that
A. offer similar products.
B. are in different cities or towns.
C. offer dissimilar products.
D. are in the same city or town.
24. Which of the following is an advantage of specialization of labor:
A. Labor regulations
B. Income negotiations
C. Increased production
D. Higher worker morale
25. What is a business calculating when it determines how much it earns from the sale of one additional item?
A. Net worth
B. Gross profit
C. Marginal revenue
D. Disposable income
26. An import ant personality trait in hospitality and tourism is leadership, which is demonstrated by individuals when they
A. analyze employee productivity.
B. feel what others are feeling.
C. plan and organize their work.
D. guide the actions of others.
27. Which of the following is a way to show interest and enthusiasm:
A. Exhibiting indifference
B. Asking irrelevant questions
C. Meeting deadlines
D. Avoiding direct eye contact
28. Your supervisor has given you a job to do which must be completed before you leave for the day. Another employee has finished her assignment and offers to help you. This person is demonstrating
A. assertiveness.
B. honesty.
C. empathy.
D. initiative.
29. When Mary filled out her expense account, she included the cost of a breakfast that was actually free with her hotel room. Mary's action is a form of
A. compliance.
B. cheating.
C. accuracy.
D. borrowing.
30. Feedback that you receive from self-evaluation is called __________ feedback.
A. external
B. indirect
C. internal
D. eternal
31. One of the barriers to assertiveness for some people is that they
A. are able to confront others in difficult situations.
B. believe their ideas are as important as anyone's.
C. know how to refuse others when necessary.
D. believe they have no control over their behavior.
32. How does a group reach a decision by consensus?
A. The majority of the group members reach agreement.
B. Group members vote to determine the best option.
C. Each member agrees to the same course of action.
D. The group leader solicits suggestions and makes the final decision.
33. A change leader might find it difficult to get support from others in a group because the others may
A. dislike the status quo.
B. fear the unknown.
C. have a lot of good ideas.
D. trust the change leader.
34. To develop effective political relationships within an organization, it is important for an individual to
A. go around the boss.
B. participate in the grapevine.
C. be a team player.
D. ignore conflict.
35. What do companies try to accomplish when extending credit to customers?
A. Increase sales
B. Reduce expenses
C. Reduce assets
D. Increase liabilities
36. In what primary way does a T account benefit an accountant in maintaining financial records?
A. Increases the accuracy of calculations
B. Reveals the motives behind a purchase
C. Shows the parts of a business transaction
D. Heightens the awareness of spending problems
37. Managers who make a return on the business investment are
A. receiving a bonus.
B. making a profit.
C. charging a fee.
D. earning a salary.
38. Business accounting information often is summarized in which of the following types of financial statements:
A. Trade report
B. Sales forecast
C. Balance sheet
D. Fiscal policy
39. What do businesses often need to do to continue operating when they experience negative cash flow?
A. Hire employees
B. Increase prices
C. Borrow funds
D. Stop discounts
40. Income from sales, cost of goods sold, gross profit on sales, operating expenses, and net profit or loss are all part of a(n)
A. marketing plan.
B. balance sheet.
C. sales budget.
D. income statement.
41. Finance is the business function that involves managing
A. money.
B. information.
C. marketing.
D. production.
42. Which of the following is an advantage of a rolling budget?
A. It allows you to have a year-long budget in place at all times.
B. It requires less effort than an annual budget.
C. It sets an annual budget that does not change.
D. It has to be consulted less frequently by managers.
43. Which of the following is an example of helpful, printed information that businesses often give new employees during orientation:
A. Application form
B. Annual report
C. Company handbook
D. Promotional brochure
44. Which of the following pieces of marketing information would be most useful to hotel staff wanting to personalize a repeat guest's stay at the hotel:
A. The hotel restaurant chef's specialties and nightly specials
B. Room accommodations that the guest has selected in the past
C. Weddings, conventions, and other special events at the hotel
D. The total number of rooms that the hotel has booked for the night
45. Which of the following statements regarding using the Internet to administer questionnaires is true:
A. Data-entry and administrative costs are higher for online questionnaires.
B. Online questionnaires require more time for data entry and collection.
C. Interviewers are more likely to influence respondents' answers online.
D. Respondents are more likely to misunderstand online questionnaires.
46. Research data displayed in charts, tables, and maps are an example of
A. graphic presentation.
B. simple tabulation.
C. visual association.
D. functional distribution.
47. Why do business managers often prepare and use presentation software to support reports?
A. To record minutes of meetings
B. To analyze financial data
C. To simplify complex information
D. To design marketing materials
48. What do business managers often prepare for other managers in the company to provide research information that will help with the decision-making process?
A. Formal letters
B. Inter-office memos
C. Written reports
D. Short e-mails
49. The development of goods and services that best satisfy consumer needs and wants is a major goal of
A. product/service management.
B. purchasing.
C. financing.
D. marketing-information management.
50. Which of the following is a characteristic of travel and tourism marketing:
A. Standard
B. Controllable
C. Precise
D. Variable
51. One reason that hotels create guest history records is to provide information for use by the hotel's __________ staff.
A. accounting
B. personnel
C. housekeeping
D. marketing
52. Internet Explorer is an example of __________ software.
A. computer server
B. bookmark
C. web browser
D. cookie.
53. A hotel wants to purchase computer software that would store, manage, and retrieve customer information in order to better serve customer needs and increase sales. What type of software should the hotel buy?
A. Spreadsheet
B. Database
C. Word processing
D. Computer-aided design
54. Hospitality and tourism businesses maintain accurate records of their income and expenses in order to comply with the government's
A. ethics codes.
B. tax laws.
C. policies.
D. objectives.
55. Maintaining comprehensive records about its customers' purchasing habits helps a company to
A. negotiate with competitors.
B. plan future business activities.
C. obtain favorable credit ratings.
D. increase brand loyalty.
56. One reason why it is important for hospitality and tourism businesses to identify and respond to current business trends is to
A. control performance.
B. remain competitive.
C. encourage feedback.
D. improve motivation.
57. Companies obtain internal information about their various business activities to operate effectively by monitoring
A. internal records.
B. trade publications.
C. industry trends.
D. government statistics.
58. While conducting an environmental scan, a convention bureau obtained information revealing that consumer confidence was gaining strength in the nation. This is an example of a(n) __________ factor.
A. economic
B. demographic
C. technological
D. political
59. Which of the following is a growing trend that is having a significant impact on the hospitality and tourism industry:
A. Reduced population movements
B. Flexible work schedules
C. Decreased diversity
D. Limited technology
60. Which of the following is a true statement about accident prevention:
A. Employees can reduce their risk for accidents by practicing good health habits.
B. Motor vehicles are rarely a factor in work-related accidents.
C. Heavy loads should be lifted by using muscles in the upper arms and back.
D. It is easier to prevent unsafe acts than unsafe conditions.
61. To prevent point-of-sale fraud, businesses usually use
A. surveillance equipment to maintain terminals.
B. procedures for making bank deposits.
C. guidelines for unlocking display cases.
D. specific credit-card procedures.
62. What do managers often do after a project has been successfully completed?
A. Give up power
B. Close the front office
C. Prepare a report
D. Provide feedback to vendors
63. Obtaining goods that will satisfy the needs and wants of a business's customers is a function of
A. advertising.
B. selling.
C. marketing.
D. purchasing.
64. While an adventure tour guide is leading a white-water rafting group, a group member falls and breaks an ankle. What are the primary provisions the guide needs to help the injured group member?
A. Toolbox and flashlight
B. Medical kit and cellular phone
C. Map and compass
D. Prescription pain medication
65. Which of the following is a reason why hospitality and tourism businesses try to decrease their operating expenses:
A. To improve service
B. To promote efficiency
C. To expand sales
D. To increase profit
66. Which of the following would not be part of the responsibilities of a hotel's maintenance department:
A. Changing a business's layout
B. Inspecting mechanical equipment
C. Selling goods
D. Routine repairs
67. Access control systems, video systems, and cash-control devices are all
A. new inventory trends.
B. customer interactive systems.
C. antirobbery systems.
D. types of electronic games.
68. Businesses that ask several vendors to submit prices before making a purchasing decision are managing the
A. bid process.
B. operating system.
C. inventory plan.
D. stock method.
69. A hotel's employees are usually expected to dress in a manner which reflects
A. the business's image.
B. the latest fashions.
C. their self-concept.
D. their personal taste.
70. It is usually most effective for goals to be phrased in __________ terms.
A. specific
B. complex
C. general
D. simple
71. Eric earns extra money by giving riding lessons to elementary-school students at a summer camp. Today, one of his young students nearly falls off the horse and starts crying. Eric isn't sure how to calm the student's nerves. This is an example of a __________ problem.
A. work
B. personal
C. peer
D. school
72. One of the most effective methods of locating job leads is asking for tips from
A. friends.
B. retirees.
C. minors.
D. nonworkers.
73. Matt just received a letter telling him that someone else had been hired for a job for which Matt had been interviewed. Since Matt didn't get the job, does he need to write an interview follow-up letter to the company?
A. No, it's too late to send a follow-up letter.
B. Yes, he should already have sent a follow-up letter.
C. Yes, the company will be expecting to hear from him.
D. No, since Matt wasn't hired, he doesn't need to write.
74. Publications that provide specific information about particular fields and new products and styles are known as
A. consumer panels.
B. trade journals.
C. market papers.
D. consumer surveys.
75. Lisa is opening a new bed and breakfast and might benefit from joining a hospitality trade association because she can
A. discuss personal business with her colleagues.
B. earn a college degree and become a certified hotelier.
C. obtain credit to purchase equipment for the business.
D. network with others who have expertise in the industry.
76. Which of the following is a hospitality and tourism business that focuses its efforts on providing shelter for travelers:
A. Airline
B. Motel
C. Tour wholesaler
D. Restaurant
77. Which of the following is a factor that may have an effect on the prices of hospitality and tourism products:
A. Hidden costs
B. Personal preferences
C. Unique values
D. Past experiences
78. A representative from a local distributor shows you calendars featuring photos of the most scenic locations within the community, a board game developed by the local chamber of commerce, a Fourth of July banner, and a holiday ornament designed by senior citizens. If your Welcome Center specializes in selling community-based products that can be promoted throughout the year, which would you buy?
A. Banner
B. Calendar
C. Board game
D. Holiday ornament
79. What is the core product that cruise lines provide passengers?
A. Food service
B. Entertainment
C. Transportation
D. Luggage handling
80. A large company that owns a chain of economy hotels recently developed plans to start a chain of upscale hotels. This is an example of
A. multicorporate franchising.
B. market potential.
C. product extensions.
D. property management systems.
81. Which of the following is a consideration when a restaurant is selecting suppliers:
A. The dependability of the supplier
B. The supplier's market share
C. Operating expenses
D. Tying agreements
82. An e-mail consisting of words on a screen that one hotel employee sends to a coworker is an example of
A. nonstatic communication.
B. noninterative content.
C. a personalized message.
D. a software program.
83. Which of the following is a purpose of using color in advertising:
A. To increase circulation
B. To reduce the cost of the ad
C. To de-emphasize the product
D. To affect a mood
84. An important aspect of typography in advertising involves the effective use of
A. art.
B. type.
C. copy.
D. media.
85. Which of the following often is an important part of creating effective advertising layouts:
A. Developing a message
B. Selecting a slogan
C. Writing a signature
D. Using a large visual
86. Certain types of drawing media make it possible to
A. modify existing photographs.
B. produce multimedia presentations.
C. design meeting announcements.
D. create interactive communications.
87. Which of the following has a significant impact on the composition of a print ad:
A. Dialogue
B. Storyboard
C. Production costs
D. Color harmonies
88. The statement, "For a brochure that tells the whole story of Ebony Resorts, call your local travel agent or 1-800-555-5555," at the end of an advertisement is an example of a
A. slogan.
B. brand.
C. seal.
D. close.
89. Before returning an advertising proof to the newspaper, the advertiser should
A. check for and mark all errors in the ad.
B. check the prices at competing stores.
C. make sure enough stock is on hand.
D. make only the major corrections.
90. Participating in community outreach activities might be considered a form of
A. customer service.
B. promotion.
C. target marketing.
D. publicity.
91. A travel agent who prepares a factual announcement and asks the media to present it free of charge to the public is
A. using a public relations agency.
B. advertising the business.
C. using a news release.
D. setting up an advertising campaign.
92. Asking customers to sign a guest book during a restaurant's grand opening provides an opportunity to
A. obtain publicity.
B. create a mailing list.
C. work out problems with service.
D. count how many people attended the event.
93. Which of the following is an example of the pyramid type of display arrangement in a restaurant display:
A. A large basket that contains menu items
B. Three rows of menu item pictures placed alongside a wall
C. Shelving that holds an assortment of menu items
D. Many levels of menu items that rise to a narrow point
94. Presenting fresh merchandise and keeping displays spotless are two important activities in __________ displays.
A. maintaining
B. moving
C. storing
D. tearing down
95. Which of the following examples best illustrates the concept of promotion in the hospitality and tourism industry:
A. American Hawaii Cruise Lines provides an itinerary that includes stops on several islands.
B. Marriott provides a home page on the Web and offers online booking for locations worldwide.
C. Choice Hotels International offers a range of products from economy to luxury accommodations.
D. Amazon.com offers its online customers guaranteed Christmas delivery on all in-stock products.
96. A hotel purchases theater tickets for upcoming plays, arranges discounts at local restaurants, and advertises that, for one price, a guest can stay at the hotel, receive two tickets to a play, and a discount on meals. This special promotion is known as a(n) __________ plan.
A. budget
B. group
C. package
D. advertising
97. Servers who can easily sell patrons additional food or beverage items they had not originally planned to buy are using __________ selling.
A. substitute
B. inappropriate
C. suggestion
D. high pressure
98. Which of the following steps in the selling process would salespersons take first:
A. Demonstration
B. Follow-up
C. Close
D. Approach
99. What hospitality service is a hotel employee most likely to recommend to a guest with young children?
A. Interpreting
B. Dining
C. Courier
D. Baby-sitting
100. What is the most efficient way to follow procedures for processing complimentary offers, coupons, and discounts at an amusement park?
A. Follow the instructions on the computer terminal screen
B. Keep written instructions in files
C. Ask the supervisor to demonstrate the process
D. Look in the operations manual while the customer is waiting
01. Janelle owns a fast-food restaurant that is part of a larger chain of restaurants. She paid an initial fee to the owner of the chain when she opened the restaurant. She also has to pay a royalty fee to the parent company based on a percentage of her profits. Janelle is a
A. franchisor.
B. franchisee.
C. licensor.
D. licensee.
02. David checked his luggage with a SkyHigh airline attendant before boarding a plane that was traveling from the Atlanta airport to the Denver airport. When he arrived at the Denver airport, David discovered that his luggage was lost. Who is liable for David's loss?
A. The Denver airport
B. The Atlanta airport
C. The SkyHigh Airline
D. The airline attendant
03. What type of business is most likely to improve its efficiency by installing an electronic data interchange (EDI) system?
A. A bed-and-breakfast inn with two guest rooms
B. A large resort with seven restaurants
C. A charter fishing boat operator
D. An independent taxicab driver
04. To achieve cooperation in the distribution channel, channel captains should
A. minimize communication efforts.
B. improve performance standards.
C. treat channel members fairly.
D. use autocratic leadership methods.
05. A month ago, Carmen volunteered to bring cookies to her school's bake sale. She waited until the morning of the bake sale to bake the cookies, and now she has to get them done as quickly as she can. She tries a cookie when it comes out of the oven, and it tastes terrible. Carmen looks back at the recipe and realizes she left out several key ingredients because she was in such a hurry. Which of these steps for following written instructions did Carmen ignore?
A. Accept responsibility
B. Don't rush
C. Know the end result
D. Go in order
06. When preparing for a speech, it's most important to
A. design visual aids.
B. practice.
C. plan your appearance.
D. write note cards.
07. Which of the following should you be sure to do when taking notes:
A. Write as legibly as possible.
B. Use correct spelling and grammar.
C. Write in complete sentences.
D. Try to write down everything the teacher says.
08. You're writing a persuasive letter that you hope will convince people to buy your product. You should be sure your letter
A. identifies your central selling point.
B. is as subjective as possible.
C. uses general words and passive voice.
D. uses exaggeration to grab attention.
09. Pamela, a manager, isn't happy with her employee Rob's performance on a recent project. She likes Rob and generally thinks he's a good employee, but she needs to communicate with him to let him know how he can do better next time. She knows that Rob can be sensitive, and she wants to make sure her message isn't misconstrued. Which channel of communication should Pamela choose?
A. E-mail
B. Face-to-face
C. Letter
D. Phone call
10. Which is a better customer for a company to have: one who complains about poor service or a faulty product, or one who doesn't?
A. One who complains because s/he gives the company an opportunity to fix its mistakes.
B. One who complains because then the company has an opportunity to explain why the customer is wrong.
C. One who doesn't complain because fewer complaints cost the company less money.
D. One who doesn't complain because it means s/he is satisfied.
11. Save More Grocery is seeking to maximize the value of their customers by creating long-term relationships and strategies to increase business profits. The business created a smartphone app that will be scanned every time a customer purchases items from Save More. The application provides demographical information, customer preferences, and purchase history. The app is a form of __________ management.
A. customer relationship
B. business process
C. human resource
D. first-line
12. Which of the following is an example of a capital good:
A. A truck driver
B. Iron ore
C. A delivery truck
D. Weather conditions
13. When a company experiences a change in human-resources management, it will also experience a change in
A. profits.
B. financial analysis.
C. name.
D. market share.
14. Which of the following is most likely to have a negative impact on a beach destination's economy:
A. Hotel and restaurant construction
B. Occasional airline delays
C. Fluctuations in gasoline prices
D. Floods and severe storm damage
15. Dmitri owns a small business on the coast, and there's always a chance his property could be damaged by a hurricane. How could this risk be described?
A. Pure and insurable
B. Pure and uninsurable
C. Speculative and insurable
D. Speculative and uninsurable
16. Jamie's manager put her in charge of a new project. She'll have to do lots of research, write reports, and prepare presentations. What is the depth and scope of Jamie's job?
A. High depth, high scope
B. Low depth, low scope
C. High depth, low scope
D. Low depth, high scope
17. What two indexes combine to form the consumer confidence index?
A. Present situation and economics
B. Economics and past situation
C. Past situation and expectations
D. Present situation and expectations
18. Because changes are always occurring in the hospitality industry, hotel managers must be
A. aggressive.
B. empathetic.
C. sincere.
D. adaptable.
19. Which of the following best describes an optimist:
A. Someone who focuses on what's good
B. Someone who focuses on what's bad
C. A person who sees a partially-filled glass of water as “half empty”
D. A person who budgets his/her time wisely
20. Molly offers to take her new coworker out to lunch. She remembers what it was like when she was a new employee two years ago, and she wants to help her new coworker feel comfortable and welcome. What trait is Molly showing towards her new coworker?
A. Tact
B. Empathy
C. Sympathy
D. Judgment
21. When confronting a conflict, it's important to
A. ask for feedback and listen.
B. focus on your overall feelings about the other person.
C. avoid apologizing.
D. use “you” statements whenever possible.
22. What's the first thing you should do to motivate team members?
A. Point out shortcomings so that they know where to improve.
B. Give team members fun rewards to look forward to.
C. Let team members be creative and try new ideas.
D. Set a good example by being positive and confident.
23. Miguel is nervous about taking calculus because he heard the teacher is difficult. However, Miguel believes in himself, and he's sure he'll do well in the class if he works hard and does his best. Which characteristic of adaptability does Miguel show?
A. Empathy
B. Confidence
C. Objectivity
D. Respect
24. Darnell is a creative person who enjoys having a lot of freedom at work. He likes to work independently, and he doesn't need much guidance or direction. Darnell would work best under a _________ manager.
A. cooperative
B. democratic
C. authoritarian
D. laissez-faire
25. Morgan received an e-mail that claimed to be from her credit-card company. The e-mail said that her account would be cancelled immediately if she didn't follow a link and enter her credit card and social security numbers. After Morgan did so, she found out that the e-mail wasn't actually from her credit-card company. Instead, it was a scam designed to steal her personal information. Morgan was a victim of
A. phishing.
B. baiting.
C. skimming.
D. hacking.
26. Marco doesn't like to leave much to chance, so when it comes to investing his money, he knows that he wants something relatively low-risk. He decides to invest in a combination of stocks from different corporations in different industries because it is less risky than investing in just one stock. What type of investment does Marco select?
A. Money market account (MMA)
B. Savings account
C. Mutual fund
D. Bond
27. When a customer slips on a wet floor in Ruchita's restaurant, he breaks his ankle. He decides to sue her business. Luckily, Ruchita doesn't have to pay the damages because she has ______ insurance.
A. health
B. life
C. property
D. liability
28. Which of the following is considered an operating expense:
A. Packaging
B. Utilities
C. Stolen items
D. Raw materials
29. Which of the following statements is true about maintaining a petty-cash fund:
A. Businesses typically use petty cash funds to pay for transactions that are $25 or less.
B. Three or more employees should be in charge of maintaining the petty-cash fund.
C. To record petty-cash transactions, employees should complete a purchase-order form.
D. Employees are required to pay back the petty-cash fund, so there is no need to replenish the funds.
30. Which of the following is an example of a finance professional exhibiting responsible behavior:
A. During a dinner party, Ryan tells his friend specific details about a client's stock portfolio and financial status.
B. Katherine wants to make a large commission, so she tries to sell a high-risk financial product to a client.
C. A financial advisor delays contacting Olivia to advise her that the value of some of her stock is rapidly declining.
D. During their first meeting, a financial planner asks Colin specific questions about his financial goals.
31. Which of the following statements is true of budgets:
A. They are only necessary for large businesses.
B. They involve going without any “extras.”
C. They create physical records of financial information.
D. They must be inflexible to be effective.
32. Noreen, a human resources manager, wants to find applicants for several job openings at her company. She attends job fairs, places ads online, and partners with an outside employment agency. This aspect of staffing is known as
A. onboarding activities.
B. interviewing.
C. orientation.
D. recruitment.
33. Marketing information revealed that the See-It Tour Company sold the most expensive tour packages in the region last year, which is why the company saw a drop in sales. When the company reduced some of its fees, its sales increased. In this situation, marketing information helped the tour company identify
A. distribution problems.
B. inconsistent management processes.
C. pricing issues.
D. inefficient operating procedures.
34. Which of the following is a situation that illustrates a hospitality/tourism business collecting primary marketing information:
A. A car-rental company obtains a research report about travelers' automobile preferences from a professional association's web site.
B. A hotel sales representative follows up with clients to get feedback about their experiences with the facility's banquet services.
C. A motel housekeeping employee delivers extra towels to a guest's room and asks the guest if s/he needs anything else.
D. A corporate conference planner reads a trade publication to obtain information about trends in the event-planning industry.
35. To generate more income for road repairs, beach maintenance, and landscaping, the local government increased the hotel-occupancy tax rate by three percent. This is an example of a ___________ change that affects the ___________ industry.
A. technology, transportation
B. market, tourism
C. regulatory, hotel
D. policy, airline
36. If 2,430,695 people visited a popular national park last year, and 40% of the visitors stayed one or more nights at the park's campgrounds, how many overnight campers did the park have?
A. 977,822
B. 987,272
C. 972,278
D. 982,778
37. A convention and tourism bureau mailed a questionnaire to 750 organizations and businesses and received 27 completed questionnaires back. Based on the information provided, the disadvantage to administering a questionnaire through direct mail is a(n)
A. poor survey design.
B. low response rate.
C. communication barrier.
D. ineffective sampling plan.
38. A hotel restaurant surveyed its customers to find out how well they like its new summer salad. 200 customers completed the survey and rated the salad on a scale of 1 to 5 in the following manner: 11 rated it a 1; 22 rated it a 2; 68 rated it a 3; 84 rated it a 4; and 15 rated it a 5. Calculate the mean calculated to the nearest tenth.
A. 3.9
B. 3.4
C. 4.2
D. 4.8
39. Which of the following visual aids is the most effective way to show the relationship between two or more variables over time:
A. Pie chart
B. Geographic map
C. Line chart
D. Mind map
40. What do executive housekeepers record on inventory lists?
A. All of the items that need to be fixed in a guestroom
B. All of the items in the kitchen that the executive housekeeper manages
C. All of the incoming items the executive housekeeper is expecting to receive
D. All of the items in a guestroom that need a housekeeper's attention
41. To ensure that all key points of a research report are covered, the marketer should write the executive summary
A. before preparing the conclusion section.
B. first.
C. before preparing the recommendations section.
D. last.
42. A hotel employee tells his/her guests that the hotel offers shuttles to and from the airport. This is an example of
A. service marketing.
B. process marketing.
C. a tangible product.
D. a luxury product.
43. Yvonne and her family often eat at their favorite pizza place. They love this particular pizza place because they've built a relationship with the restaurant's employees, who are always friendly and accommodating. This is known as a(n) _______ motive.
A. rational
B. emotional
C. experience
D. quality
44. When a lodging property develops a weekend package for groups of women who enjoy scrapbooking, it is segmenting the market by
A. lifestyle and gender.
B. gender and life cycle.
C. life cycle and geography.
D. geography and lifestyle.
45. Which of the following types of information should a business keep on file indefinitely:
A. Federal income tax returns
B. Cancelled checks
C. Invoices
D. Credit card statements
46. Adian is conducting online research for a marketing project at work. What web-based tool will help Adian save and organize the web sites that contain the relevant information he needs for his final report?
A. Browser bookmarking applications
B. Notebook with color-coded dividers
C. Word-processing memo template
D. Personal intranet connection
47. The Links Golf Resort uses computer software that charges its guests' food, golf, retail, and other resortrelated expenses to their accounts through their room key-cards. The software increases the resort's efficiency because it is
A. independent.
B. automated.
C. remote.
D. retractable.
48. Which of the following is a disadvantage of keeping digital records:
A. They are unreliable and easily lost.
B. They are more difficult to retrieve than paper records.
C. They are typically expensive to store.
D. They can become inaccessible due to obsolete technology.
49. Which of the following is true of internal record maintenance?
A. It helps you determine your profit.
B. It is important solely for tax purposes.
C. It isn't necessary for new or small companies.
D. All records must be kept for the life of the business.
50. Trends indicate a rise in the number of people who like to bring their dogs with them on vacation. To accommodate this travel trend, there are an increasing number of
A. pet-friendly hotels.
B. residential dog parks.
C. all-inclusive resorts.
D. boutique pet stores.
51. Which of the following restaurant assets would be considered intangible:
A. A secret recipe
B. An expensive oven
C. The building
D. The waiter's uniforms
52. Which of the following is a common challenge for project managers:
A. Laws and regulations
B. Poorly defined goals
C. A surplus of resources
D. A lack of risk
53. Filipe is a chef at a restaurant. He always starts with his resources, such as raw vegetables and meats, and then turns them into a fully-cooked meal. When Filipe turns his ingredients into a complete meal, he's taking part in
A. mass production.
B. dispatching.
C. the conversion process.
D. resource transformation.
54. Which of the following quality control methods is proactive:
A. Inspecting finished products
B. Filling out a corrective action report
C. Creating a quality assurance checklist
D. Processing customer returns
55. Which of the following is considered a variable expense:
A. Sales commissions
B. Rent
C. Loan payments
D. Insurance
56. Although the primary purpose of an invoice is to bill a customer for goods and services, invoices can also help the business monitor its customers'
A. purchasing habits.
B. personal attitudes.
C. annual incomes.
D. buying motives.
57. It is important for hotel employees to wear disposable gloves when emptying trash containers to
A. prevent damage to the floors and furniture.
B. avoid direct contact with sharp objects and bacteria.
C. reduce the risk of inhaling dangerous fumes.
D. decrease the risk of security breaches.
58. To reduce the risks of air-travel terrorism attacks, airports require passengers to
A. follow security checkpoint procedures.
B. remain seated on airplanes at all times.
C. fasten their seatbelts during take-off and landing.
D. board the airplane one at a time.
59. Shoshanna wants to become a manager at her office by the end of next year. She writes down what she wants, breaks it down into achievable steps, visualizes herself succeeding, and periodically reviews her progress. Shoshanna is engaging in
A. objective predicting.
B. goal setting.
C. success forecasting.
D. progress planning.
60. You're trying to decide which college to attend. What type of decision are you making?
A. Routine
B. Limited
C. Extensive
D. Problematic
61. Angelo calculates the risk of loss, establishes premium rates, and designs policies for his company. His career is in the area of
A. accounting.
B. insurance.
C. securities and investments.
D. corporate finance.
62. Which of the following information should you include in your résumé:
A. Relevant volunteer experience
B. Reasons for leaving a previous job
C. Your salary expectations
D. Your personal references
63. Mia is very organized and detail-oriented and enjoys helping others arrange activities such as fundraisers, receptions, and meetings. Based on her skills and interests, Mia might consider working in the hospitality industry as a(n)
A. accounting manager.
B. restaurant chef.
C. purchasing agent.
D. event planner.
64. What services do many trade organizations provide tourism professionals that helps them learn about industry trends?
A. Credit
B. Job-search
C. Educational
D. Transit
65. The Internet has changed the way that consumers purchase hospitality and tourism products because they now have the ability to
A. allocate more discretionary income for leisure travel.
B. hire travel agents to develop custom tours.
C. book trips at their convenience.
D. visit new destinations several times a year.
66. Last year, Jasper Ridge Ski Resort's occupancy rates were lower than normal because the country's overall unemployment rate increased and consumer spending decreased. As a result, Jasper Ridge lowered its prices to stimulate demand. What factor affected the resort's pricing decision?
A. Political uncertainty
B. Competitors' activities
C. Economic conditions
D. Weather conditions
67. When employees interact with customers in consistent ways, they are
A. explaining the business's brand philosophy.
B. improving the company's product line.
C. following company selling policies.
D. communicating the business's core values.
68. Which of the following hotels is most likely to have a competitive advantage over other hotels:
A. The Marcus Hotel because it is located near a major highway on the outskirts of a large city
B. The Regency Hotel because it is the only hotel in Portland that offers childcare services
C. The Metropolis Hotel because it has a full-service restaurant near the hotel's lobby
D. The Hightower Hotel because it has an indoor swimming pool that guests can use
69. What type of statistical data would most likely indicate that a product may be outdated?
A. Retention rate
B. Frequency rate
C. Inventory turnover rate
D. Conversion rate
70. The Fortnight Hotel chain has over 100 hotels throughout the country that are located near metropolitan conference centers. The chain plans to build 15 golf resorts near popular destination areas over the next five years. This is an example of a business planning a
A. franchise arrangement.
B. restructuring effort.
C. cannibalization strategy.
D. product extension.
71. Which of the following is a product delivery question that a hospitality business should ask a potential vendor during the vendor-selection process:
A. How do you rate the quality of your products?
B. Do we get discounts on quantity purchases?
C. What is the lead time for processing orders?
D. Is it possible to get a prompt-payment discount?
72. Before entering a negotiation session with a potential vendor, a business should
A. determine the concessions that it is willing to make.
B. use aggressive tactics to ensure a favorable outcome.
C. summarize the negotiation progress periodically.
D. actively listen to the vendor's points of concern.
73. Which of the following is an effective design technique that adds a personal touch to a direct-mail piece:
A. Stamping "Open Now" in neon pink on the back of the envelope
B. Addressing the recipient as “Current Resident” on the mailing label
C. Using a font that looks like handwriting in the envelope's address section
D. Placing the return address at the bottom of the envelope
74. The primary purpose of a corporate blog is to
A. replace the company's web site.
B. sell independent products.
C. entertain the audience.
D. connect with the target market.
75. The name of a well-known company appears on the hood of a racecar in a video game. This is an example of
A. videotainment.
B. adverfeeding.
C. advergaming.
D. gamecasting.
76. The Fun-O-Rama Amusement Park is located in Albany, New York. Which of the following web sites is the park's target market most likely to visit:
A. AlbanyLibrary.gov
B. albanytourismbureau.org
C. albanylegalservices.com
D. AlbanyCatering.net
77. Which of the following is an effective way to personalize e-mail marketing communications:
A. A multinational company places an online banner advertisement on a popular travel web site.
B. A manufacturer sends an electronic newsletter using a distribution list addressed to “preferred customers.”
C. A business sends a customer an online birthday greeting that includes a coupon for its products.
D. A producer sends a general e-mail thanking its customers for their patience during major changes to its web site.
78. When Serena designs a print advertisement, she makes sure that all of the parts of the ad relate to one another effectively. What principle of design is Serena focusing on?
A. Contrast
B. Emphasis
C. Balance
D. Unity
79. A health spa develops a print advertisement that contains two photos—one of a stressed-out woman before she goes to the spa and one of her looking very relaxed after her stay at the spa. In this situation, the illustrations are communicating product
A. benefits.
B. features.
C. tangibility.
D. quality.
80. A primary reason for including white space in a print advertisement is because it
A. minimizes distractions.
B. clarifies the copy.
C. adds texture.
D. reduces the need for graphics.
81. A primary difference between organic and amplified word-of-mouth (WOM) marketing is that organic WOM is ____________ communication, while amplified WOM is _____________ communication.
A. systematic, free-flowing
B. nonpersonal, customized
C. unplanned, planned
D. vertical, horizontal
82. Who would be the most successful customer evangelist for the Evergreen Golf Resort?
A. Ruth Collins, a quiet librarian who lives in a rural community and enjoys reading, sewing, and entertaining her ten grandchildren
B. Mike Adams, an outgoing sales representative who plays a lot of golf and enjoys catching up with friends on Facebook and Twitter
C. Tommy Banes, a 15-year-old high-school student who spends most of his free time playing sports-related video games with friends
D. Olivia Bedford, a 26-year-old law-school student who spends most of her time studying and working part time at a college bookstore
83. A scene of a recently released movie shows a British Airways airplane landing on a runway at Heathrow Airport in London, England. What type of paid promotion did the airline use?
A. Organic publicity
B. Product placement
C. Systematic positioning
D. Transit media
84. Determine which copy strategy is being using in the following advertisement: "Book your trip now! Only eight cabins left for August's seven-day Alaskan cruise."
A. Independent endorsement
B. Rational appeal
C. Scarcity appeal
D. Solicited endorsement
85. What technology tool is often included in mobile ad copy that enables customers to contact the business by telephone instantly?
A. Click-to-call
B. Throughput
C. RSS Feed
D. JavaScript
86. What type of advertising proof uses printing inks to provide the most accurate representation of the printed piece?
A. Desktop digital
B. Overlay
C. Blueline
D. Press
87. Which of the following community outreach programs is most appropriate for a tour-boat operator to sponsor:
A. Providing breakfast for the local homeless shelter
B. Preventative dental care for low-income families
C. Education programs for parents of ill children
D. Low-cost or free swimming lessons for children
88. What is an ongoing activity that is necessary to perform after launching a web site?
A. Developing the code
B. Planning the navigation system
C. Testing the prototype
D. Updating the content
89. The first paragraph of a well-written press release should contain
A. the company's contact information.
B. a quote from the company's president.
C. the topic's most important facts.
D. a humorous statement to grab the reader's attention.
90. 300 guests will be attending the Robertson-Parker wedding reception at the River Edge Country Club. If the ideal staffing ratio for the event is one foodservice server per 30 guests and one bartender per 75 guests, how many employees will the country club need to have on hand for the event?
A. 10
B. 16
C. 14
D. 12
91. A portable display is most appropriate for a hospitality business to use when the business
A. exhibits its products at trade shows frequently.
B. needs to control its publicity costs.
C. is promoting an unusual travel theme.
D. distributes most of its services online.
92. If a hotel chain wants to track the number of times that Internet users access its web site through an ad placed on another web site, what marketing metric should be used?
A. Gross page impressions
B. Click-through rate
C. Cost per click
D. Transactions per hour
93. When campsites are available, a campground offers its campers a 50% discount per night if they extend their stay. What type of promotion is the campground using?
A. Publicity
B. Personal selling
C. Sales promotion
D. Advertising
94. Which of the following would a travel agency use in a display to promote a two-week tour of England:
A. A tabletop model of the Eiffel Tower in Paris and a slideshow that highlights the Louvre Museum's major exhibits
B. A continuous-running video that features sites such Buckingham Palace and the Tower of London
C. A large cardboard cutout of Mickey Mouse and Cinderella standing in front of the Magic Kingdom
D. A sombrero, beach towel, colorful balloons, and a large poster of a tropical beach resort
95. Jack is a server at an upscale hotel restaurant. After his customers finish their meals, Jack shows them a dessert tray that displays samples of the restaurant's signature cakes, pies, and ice-cream sundaes and asks the customers if they would like to order one of the desserts. What activity is Jack performing?
A. Up-selling
B. Suggestion selling
C. Substitute selling
D. Identifying needs Identifying needs
96. Which of the following is an attribute that a hotel salesperson should emphasize when selling the venue to an event planner who is organizing a large awards banquet for prominent members of the media?
A. The food and beverage division employs a five-star chef.
B. The facility has a heated outdoor swimming pool.
C. The hotel utilizes several types of advertising media, including broadcast and print.
D. The rooms division has 120 standard-size sleeping rooms.
97. Melissa's family goes to the same remote beach destination every year for one week. All of the family members enjoy the quiet, relaxing atmosphere that the location offers. In this situation, the motive to travel to this location is
A. price.
B. adventure.
C. comfort.
D. prestige.
98. Angela, a travel agent, is helping Mr. and Mrs. Wingate plan their vacation. During their conversation, Angela learns that Mr. Wingate's hobby involves reenacting famous war scenes and that Mrs. Wingate collects antiques and artifacts. Based on the information that Angela learned, she might recommend that Mr. and Mrs. Wingate go on a
A. guided tour of historical battlefields and museums.
B. seven-day Caribbean cruise.
C. two-week safari in Kenya, Africa.
D. trip to an exclusive resort located near several casinos.
99. What do many hotel chains sell that provides the buyers or users with flexibility to make reservations at their convenience?
A. Contest passes
B. Reward points
C. Gift certificates
D. Keyless cards
100. A customer presents a hotel gift-shop employee with a coupon for t-shirts. The discount terms state that when the customer buys one t-shirt at the regular price, s/he gets a second t-shirt for half price. If the price of each t-shirt is $18, and the sales-tax rate is 6.75 percent, how much will the customer pay for his/her purchase?
A. $29.83
B. $29.53
C. $28.53
D. $28.83
01. A business that fails to protect its employees from unnecessary risk or health hazards on the job may be sued for
A. incompetence.
B. misrepresentation.
C. libel.
D. negligence.
02. Requiring businesses to control pollution and to dispose of hazardous waste properly are some of the main functions of __________ regulations.
A. workplace
B. environmental
C. personnel
D. geological
03. Jane is the owner of a pizza shop associated with a national chain of pizza restaurants. She established her business in a regional supermarket. The pizza shop is referred to as a
A. host franchise.
B. strategic alliance.
C. master licensee.
D. piggyback franchise.
04. Consumers of hospitality products have the right to expect businesses to provide goods and services that
A. maintain international requirements.
B. meet each individual's standards.
C. furnish several amenities.
D. are safe and clean.
05. Kathy's once-booming traditional brick-and-mortar travel agency is financially struggling. For many years, the majority of Kathy's revenue came from commissions on airline ticket sales. Now, though, most of Kathy's clients purchase their tickets online instead of from her travel agency. These clients can purchase tickets directly from the airlines or through online travel agencies like Priceline or Expedia. Oftentimes, the tickets that they purchase online are less expensive than the tickets that Kathy offers. This is an example of
A. bulk-breaking.
B. discrepancy of assortment.
C. disintermediation.
D. exclusive distribution.
06. Two Sleep-n-Go Motel franchisees that are located five miles apart compete for the same customers. What type of channel conflict does this exemplify?
A. Horizontal
B. Vertical
C. Differential
D. Functional
07. Before you can perform new tasks, you should first read the instruction manual so you can
A. follow the written directions in the proper sequence.
B. apply the directions in reverse order.
C. perform the tasks in the order that you think works best.
D. use shortcuts to complete the tasks quickly.
08. One way for an audience to show that it supports a speaker's opinion is by __________ the speaker.
A. heckling
B. applauding
C. ignoring
D. tolerating
09. When an employee realizes that a caller needs to speak to some other employee or department, the person should
A. take notes to pass on to the appropriate person or department.
B. ask the caller to call back for the appropriate person.
C. forward the call to the automated phone directory.
D. give the caller the correct number and transfer the call.
10. During a manager's meeting, Jon says, "In relation to Marilee's previous remark, our department has a similar problem. Perhaps we should form an internal committee to address these issues." In this situation, Jon is contributing to a group discussion by
A. building on someone else's comment.
B. helping the group summarize what's been said.
C. pointing out missing information.
D. establishing ground rules for the meeting.
11. When Vendela takes notes in her business class, she draws a line down her paper about 2 ½ inches from the left side. On the right side of the line, she records her notes from the class lecture. After class, Vendela reviews her notes and writes down key words and phrases in the left column. Vendela uses the __________ note-taking system.
A. mapping
B. Cornell
C. charting
D. key-word review
12. The Putnam Company requires its employees to use the Modern Language Association (MLA) stylebook when writing business documents because it provides
A. consistency.
B. creativity.
C. flexibility.
D. accuracy.
13. An effective technique to use when writing persuasive messages to customers is to
A. demand their attention.
B. appeal to their needs.
C. make a prediction.
D. use aggressive words.
14. Which of the following is often the best way for a salesperson to handle the slow/methodical type of difficult customer:
A. Summarize benefits
B. Ask their advice
C. Be brief
D. Let the customer do the talking
15. Which of the following is a true statement about brand promise:
A. It is not usually stated in words.
B. It is explained solely through advertising.
C. It decreases brand awareness.
D. It is the same thing as brand logo.
16. Our economy has shifted from a service economy to a(n) __________ economy.
A. manufacturing
B. entertainment
C. experience
D. agricultural
17. An amusement park offers a special Labor Day package that can be purchased only through the park. This is an example of __________ distribution.
A. indirect
B. direct
C. wholesale
D. intensive
18. Credit is often used as a selling tool because it helps to create __________ utility.
A. possession
B. exchange
C. place
D. form
19. A manufacturer is a type of business that
A. sells raw goods for their producers.
B. turns raw goods into useful products.
C. does not make use of raw goods.
D. keeps raw goods in their original forms.
20. An economic system which allows its citizens to go into business for themselves, produce goods and services of their own choosing, and market their products as they desire is called
A. sole proprietorship.
B. communism.
C. socialism.
D. private enterprise.
21. When employees are working faster or better, they are increasing their
A. wages.
B. efficiency.
C. benefits.
D. value.
22. Government regulation is financed by taxes and
A. borrowing.
B. donations.
C. price supports.
D. subsidies.
23. Members of the air-traffic controllers' union stopped working to support the pilots' union that recently went on strike. This is an example of a
A. wildcat strike.
B. lockout.
C. boycott.
D. sympathetic strike.
24. Which of the following accompanies a strong, growing economy:
A. Decreased supply
B. Deflation
C. Inflation
D. Decreased demand
25. The exchange rate of a nation's currency is most likely to decrease when the nation
A. carries a low level of debt.
B. exports more than it imports.
C. experiences political instability.
D. limits the amount of money it prints.
26. What do individuals often identify when assessing their personal strengths and weaknesses?
A. Careers
B. Interests
C. Benefits
D. Risks
27. One way to show your coworkers that you are interested in what they are saying is by
A. changing the subject.
B. crossing your arms.
C. asking irrelevant questions.
D. making eye contact.
28. Which of the following might indicate a job applicant's initiative when applying for an entry-level position:
A. Completing an application blank
B. Sending a letter of application
C. Showing up for an interview
D. Having a physical examination
29. Susan came to work late Monday morning and said, "It's been a terrible morning so far and will probably be a terrible day." This is an example of a(n) __________ attitude.
A. indifferent
B. positive
C. realistic
D. negative
30. Why do empathetic people sometimes experience stress, burn out, and codependent relationships?
A. They neglect to fulfill their responsibilities at home, work, and school.
B. They allow their stereotypes, prejudices, and assumptions to take over.
C. They donate a lot of their money to charity instead of paying their bills.
D. They fail to draw a line between being empathetic and losing their own identities.
31. A manager who has a reputation of being knowledgeable and experienced usually has the ability to __________ employees.
A. persuade
B. dominate
C. terminate
D. analyze
32. Rob has a job interview this afternoon. In the morning, he goes over his other job offers to figure out which job he will accept (and what the salary and benefits are) if this employer doesn't offer him a position. Rob is developing his
A. walk-away point.
B. role.
C. BATNA.
D. style.
33. Nate has a knack for getting others to see things his way. He wants to lead a change at work, so he starts by putting together a presentation for his boss, showing why the change is necessary. Which characteristic of an effective change leader is Nate demonstrating in this situation?
A. Independent
B. Persuasive
C. Loves to learn new things
D. Avoids conflict
34. Which of the following is a true statement:
A. Getting acquainted with coworkers helps you to treat them fairly.
B. Coworkers need to establish personal friendships with each other.
C. The best way to learn about coworkers is to ask them personal questions.
D. Once you know your coworkers, you don't need to speak to them every day.
35. Which of the following is an example of entrepreneurship:
A. Wesley starts working for his mother's accounting firm.
B. Elissa starts a company when she develops a new app.
C. Raul invests his money in the stock market.
D. Penelope asks her boss for a pay raise.
36. Jorge is considering whether to invest $100 at his bank, but first, he wants to know what his $100 will be worth in a year. To figure this out, Jorge needs to know the
A. time value of money.
B. present value.
C. interest rate.
D. investment rate.
37. Consumers can borrow against future income to make current purchases by making use of
A. interest.
B. money orders.
C. credit.
D. certificates of deposit.
38. Which of the following are examples of expenses that should be considered when developing a personal budget:
A. Rent, entertainment, and insurance
B. Insurance, dividends, and utilities
C. Food, utilities, and salary
D. Entertainment, wages, and utilities
39. Which of the following records that contains information about their investments should individuals keep:
A. Credit
B. Deposit
C. Logistics
D. Purchase
40. Sheila decides to invest some of her money. She doesn't like to take big risks, and she wants to be able to access all of her money at all times. She also doesn't mind not earning much interest. Sheila should invest her money in a
A. money market account (MMA).
B. stock.
C. certificate of deposit (CD).
D. savings account.
41. Why is it important for businesses to understand the legal considerations for finance?
A. To manage budgets
B. To avoid penalties
C. To reduce expenses
D. To compensate employees
42. What can businesses do during an orientation session to help new employees feel comfortable in the workplace?
A. Give them a complex project to complete
B. Provide copies of performance reviews
C. Emphasize the company's discipline policies
D. Introduce them to other employees
43. Over time, research indicated that a growing number of young adults were interested in taking bus tours. It also revealed that young adults do not take bus tours because they feel that most tours are for senior citizens. As a result, a tour wholesaler developed tour packages that appeal to people between 18 and 30 years old. In this situation, the marketing research helped the tour wholesaler
A. identify an emerging trend.
B. resolve a conflict of interest.
C. forecast long-term sales.
D. maintain market share.
44. A restaurant wants to predict how their customers will react to a new menu. What type of relationship should the restaurant mine from blogs?
A. Clusters
B. Classes
C. Sequential patterns
D. Associations
45. Which of the following is a reliable source of information that a resort can use to determine its peak season:
A. Staff reviews
B. Current occupancy rate
C. Sales history
D. Standards
46. Which of the following research techniques should you select if you need an accurate picture of a hotel restaurant customers' buying or usage patterns/habits:
A. Survey
B. Focus group
C. Personal interview
D. Observation
47. Why do business managers often prepare and use presentation software to support reports?
A. To simplify complex information
B. To analyze financial data
C. To record minutes of meetings
D. To design marketing materials
48. A person who promotes Walt Disney theme parks is marketing a(n)
A. lifestyle.
B. cause.
C. service.
D. intermediary.
49. Businesses cannot create a(n) __________ where none exists.
A. good
B. service
C. building
D. need
50. The information about people who have patronized a hotel/motel is usually kept in a __________ file.
A. registration
B. guest history
C. room status
D. vendor
51. Which of the following sources is most likely to contain timely information:
A. A technical-trends report that was written on February 5, 2015
B. A journal article about a medical breakthrough that was published a decade ago
C. A stock table that appeared in a national newspaper on January 14, 2010
D. A second edition history textbook that contains a 2000 copyright date
52. What is an advantage to a company that effectively manages its business information?
A. Reduces the need for compliance
B. Eliminates customer dissatisfaction
C. Increases information overload
D. Saves time and money
53. Phil works from his home office on Tuesdays and Thursdays. This is known as
A. telecommuting.
B. information gathering.
C. networking.
D. collaborating.
54. Ingrid is able to access information from her desktop publishing software, word-processing software, and spreadsheet software at the same time on her personal computer. This is an example of an operating system with __________ capabilities.
A. multiprocessing
B. multi-user
C. multitasking
D. multithreading
55. An upscale department store tracks customer purchases made with store credit cards and then tailors promotional messages and merchandise offers to specific clients based on their purchases. What software allows the retailer to manage this strategy?
A. Word processing
B. Database
C. Spreadsheet
D. Systems tools
56. When creating and posting information to a website, one of the most important considerations is the
A. shopping cart.
B. search engine.
C. domain name.
D. home page.
57. What software are hotels, resorts, and various transportation entities using to expedite the reservation process for customers?
A. Customer reservation systems
B. Online booking
C. Customer relationship management
D. Websites
58. What type of business records would provide a company with information about the movement of its products?
A. Sales expense reports
B. Credit
C. Accounts payable
D. Inventory
59. Which of the following is the most appropriate response for an employee to make when s/he discovers a safety hazard:
A. Determine the cause of the hazard
B. Avoid the location of the hazard
C. Report or correct the hazard
D. Record the hazard and its location
60. Determining project costs involves taking the information gained from assessing needed resources and
A. translating it into a realistic budget.
B. using it for scheduling purposes.
C. adjusting the project purpose as necessary.
D. asking the client for at least twice as much funding.
61. What type of buying structure distributes the buying responsibility among geographical districts?
A. Concentrated
B. Departmentalized
C. Centralized
D. Decentralized
62. Why is production important to a business?
A. It creates goods or services for the business to sell.
B. It converts certain outputs into inputs.
C. It provides the business with material resources.
D. It manages the finances of the business.
63. A fishbone diagram is a quality-control tool used to
A. design products.
B. identify cause and effect.
C. evaluate business processes.
D. determine a product's quality.
64. Why do businesses feel it is important to maintain accurate accounting records?
A. To monitor financial status
B. To prepare purchase orders
C. To develop inventory control
D. To review employee performance
65. The primary reason for a business to carefully track of all its vendors' invoices is to
A. check for tax discrepancies.
B. confirm the accounts receivable.
C. evaluate the vendors' performance.
D. monitor and control expenses.
66. Keeping the business operation running smoothly is one of the primary functions of business
A. maintenance.
B. development.
C. promotion.
D. insurance.
67. Which of the following security measures is often found in lodging establishments:
A. Metal detectors
B. Radio frequency tags
C. Electronic key cards
D. Property management system
68. The supervisor's response to an employee's orderly and systematic behavior on the job should be
A. favoritism.
B. indifference.
C. criticism.
D. praise.
69. What effect do demands on your time have on the supply of time available to you?
A. Supply decreases.
B. Supply stays the same.
C. Supply increases.
D. Supply matches time demanded.
70. Which of the following would be a job responsibility of warehouse employees:
A. Assisting customers with setting up accounts with the company
B. Determining where to store goods between production and consumption
C. Communicating with the media to create a positive company image
D. Developing merchandise displays to attract customer attention
71. Governments can encourage entrepreneurial development by
A. increasing interest rates on loans.
B. deregulating and reducing taxes.
C. establishing higher ethical standards.
D. passing more legislation with strict guidelines.
72. The purpose of the first paragraph of the letter of application is to
A. identify your references and the experiences that qualify you for the job.
B. express enthusiasm for the job and the company to which you are applying.
C. call attention to your qualifications and your résumé.
D. identify the purpose of the letter and the job for which you are applying.
73. Being a volunteer for a nonprofit organization is one way that an individual can participate in activities that are similar to
A. attending an employment seminar.
B. joining a trade association.
C. monitoring a training program.
D. having paid work experience.
74. Which of the following actions is best for advancing in a hospitality and tourism career:
A. Bragging about your accomplishments to coworkers
B. Downplaying compliments on your work
C. Discussing business before orders are placed at business lunches
D. Serving on committees outside your job description
75. Which of the following is a hospitality and tourism business that focuses its efforts on providing shelter for travelers:
A. Airline
B. Motel
C. Tour wholesaler
D. Restaurant
76. An example of price in the hospitality industry is the amount a guest pays for
A. a sightseeing trip arranged by a concierge.
B. dinner in a hotel's main dining room.
C. transportation to a full-service hotel.
D. one night at an all-inclusive resort.
77. Which of the following is an important factor that hotel restaurants consider when deciding when to buy food items:
A. Perishability
B. Dependability
C. Nutrition
D. Sanitation
78. Claire booked a room at an inn in Charleston, SC. When she arrived, she parked her car in the onproperty parking garage. After checking in, she used the inn's check-cashing service and got restaurant recommendations from the concierge. In the evening, Claire enjoyed the cookies and milk provided by the inn. What is the supporting product in this scenario?
A. On-property parking garage
B. Check-cashing service
C. Cookies and milk
D. Restaurant recommendations
79. A travel agent schedules a business trip for a client and also sells the client tickets to three Broadway Shows. This is an example of
A. an advantage of having business clients.
B. a travel agency's problems.
C. working additional hours.
D. product extension.
80. What technique should be used when evaluating multiple vendors' canned goods to ensure that the evaluators provide unbiased reviews?
A. Sampling
B. Can-cutting
C. Random access
D. Blind testing
81. Which of the following is an example of a direct marketing tactic used in tourism:
A. A tour wholesaler sends an e-newsletter to clients every month to let them know about new tour products and industry trends.
B. A tour operator arranges for a group of tourists to visit the Colosseum, the Sistine Chapel, and the Pantheon during their trip to Rome.
C. A tour wholesale company changes some of its tour offerings and updates its marketing plan for the next year.
D. A tour operator places several billboards along a well-traveled highway near a popular vacation destination.
82. Which of the following is an example of how businesses are using advergaming:
A. Using pop-up ads on a competitor's website
B. Showing a product being used in a movie scene
C. Running advertisements during a national sports game
D. Featuring products on billboards in online games
83. What is the most important benefit of email versus direct mail?
A. Limited use of individualization
B. Real dialogue with individual customers
C. Low postage charges
D. Ease of finding appropriate customer lists
84. When Kevin walked into Millie's Diner, he received a 15% off coupon for the diner's daily breakfast special on his smartphone. What mobile marketing application did Millie's Diner use to communicate with its customer?
A. Locospace
B. Geolocation
C. Just-in-time
D. Webcast
85. A health spa develops a print advertisement that contains two photos—one of a stressed-out woman before she goes to the spa and one of her looking very relaxed after her stay at the spa. In this situation, the illustrations are communicating product
A. quality.
B. features.
C. tangibility.
D. benefits.
86. Maeve is in the midst of developing a new advertisement for her event-planning business. Although she is pleased with the font and font size that she is using, she dislikes the amount of space between the individual letters and words in the ad. Maeve should adjust the __________ of the text in the advertisement.
A. kerning and leading
B. kerning and tracking
C. leading and tracking
D. tracking and measure
87. Following a stay at a beach resort, a guest wrote a positive review of it on the Orbitz website. This is an example of a(n)
A. community-involvement activity.
B. out-of-home advertisement.
C. press release.
D. word-of-mouth (WOM) strategy.
88. Which of the following is the proofreading symbol used to designate a word or a letter that should be capitalized:
A. Three lines under the word or letter
B. A circle around the word or letter
C. A bracket beside the word or letter
D. A slash (/) through the word or letter
89. Hospitality organizations often make financial donations to local charities, support community interests, and participate in chamber of commerce activities in an effort to
A. increase tax abatements.
B. increase their public presence.
C. decrease expenses.
D. decrease employee discounts.
90. To ensure the consistency of key elements on all of the website's pages, it is helpful to develop a(n)
A. bookmarking application.
B. text box.
C. template.
D. sticky content section.
91. Kimberly, who lives in Cleveland, Ohio, is planning to take a short trip to Cincinnati next month. Last weekend, she spent several hours surfing the Web to locate information about tourist activities and hotels in and around Cincinnati. The following Wednesday, when she went online to do some research for her history report, she discovered an advertisement for CincinnatiUSA.com on a website about the French Revolution. This is an example of __________ advertising.
A. behavioral
B. contextual
C. word-of-mouth
D. sponsorship
92. An enclosed display that limits customers' access to merchandise is a(n) __________ display.
A. point-of-purchase
B. shadow box
C. counter
D. island
93. Part of display maintenance is deciding when a display should be changed. How frequently should this occur?
A. As time permits
B. On a weekly basis
C. Every two weeks
D. Depends on circumstances
94. To track how customers respond to advertisements, many marketers use __________ measures.
A. market-share
B. exposure
C. processing
D. communication effects
95. Promotion in the hospitality industry often consists of
A. contest drawings and complimentary breakfasts.
B. employee newsletters and buffet service.
C. direct marketing and personal selling.
D. public relations and cost-plus pricing events.
96. Why should salespeople create favorable impressions during the initial contact with customers?
A. First impressions seldom last very long.
B. Customers want to ask for assistance.
C. First impressions are difficult to change.
D. Customer rapport is unimportant.
97. Which of the following is a way that using product substitution can benefit a hospitality and tourism business:
A. Advanced ordering
B. Increased satisfaction
C. Improved reputation
D. Additional savings
98. When a customer raises an objection about an item being shown, the salesperson should consider the objection as an
A. excuse for the customer to leave without making a purchase.
B. indication that the customer will probably not buy this time.
C. opportunity to remove a barrier to the completion of the sale.
D. indication that s/he has not done an effective sales demonstration.
99. Kaylee is the event coordinator for the Houghton Hotel. She is placing an order for unique table centerpieces with a vendor on behalf of a client who is holding a wedding reception at the hotel. What type of order is Kaylee placing?
A. Blanket
B. Standing
C. Open
D. Special
100. Susan has a middle management position in her company. Her primary job responsibility is likely to be
A. being responsible for other managers or supervisors.
B. developing the plans and goals for the company.
C. spending one day a week on each management function.
D. training employees to perform routine tasks.
01. The Gray Line bus company offers bus tours in various cities throughout the United States. Gray Line is included in which of the following components of the travel and tourism industry:
A. Wholesale distribution
B. Hospitality
C. Travel mart
D. Ground transportation
02. Limited liability is a characteristic of what form of business ownership?
A. Partnership
B. Corporation
C. Sole proprietorship
D. Joint proprietorship
03. During the employee selection process, federal regulations that pertain to the workplace forbid tour companies from requiring job applicants to take
A. ability tests.
B. personality tests.
C. medical exams.
D. written exams.
04. What channel of staff communication are travel agency managers usually unable to control?
A. Grapevine
B. Downward
C. Formal
D. Objective
05. What type of agenda items should the manager of a car-rental company plan to discuss first during a staff meeting?
A. Old business
B. Controversial
C. Routine
D. Priority
06. Employees of a car-rental company that is located in the downtown area of a large city are most likely to be asked to give customers directions to the city's
A. day-care facilities.
B. neighborhood schools.
C. suburban areas.
D. local attractions.
07. If a client is making a trip to an unfamiliar nation, a travel advisor should orient the client to the locale by
A. offering to take the client on a familiarization trip.
B. describing the nation's culture, laws, and physical environment.
C. sharing trivia about the nation, such as its primary crop.
D. keynoting the nation's largest industries.
08. Channels of distribution are necessary for the sale of goods and services to ultimate
A. retailers.
B. wholesalers.
C. consumers.
D. sales agents.
09. A business that has the capability of monitoring the location of delivery trucks to determine if shipments are on time is using the technology of
A. satellite tracking.
B. artificial intelligence.
C. data interchange.
D. electronic imaging.
10. Cruise companies usually coordinate the distribution of their products with the marketing activity of
A. controlling.
B. management.
C. directing.
D. promotion.
11. Tour planners regularly meet with channel members to discuss problems and improve performance in order to develop
A. long-term partnerships.
B. cost-effective inventories.
C. transportation systems.
D. routine buying procedures.
12. Transportation companies help marketers to provide __________ utility.
A. credit
B. place
C. form
D. possession
13. When customers buy the exact amount of goods that producers are selling at a specific price, the __________ price exists.
A. unit
B. market
C. equilibrium
D. production
14. The two main divisions of the trade industry are
A. producers and retailers.
B. manufacturers and wholesalers.
C. wholesalers and retailers.
D. wholesalers and producers.
15. The term "monopoly" describes a situation in which there is
A. a large number of producers that sell different products.
B. uncontrolled ownership of businesses.
C. rivalry between businesses that offer similar products.
D. only one supplier of a certain good or service.
16. The overall objective of workers who form labor unions is to
A. promote better working conditions.
B. obtain reasonable working hours.
C. strengthen their bargaining power.
D. obtain fair wages.
17. During the peak phase of the business cycle, travel and tour businesses often
A. lay off workers.
B. earn less profit.
C. raise their prices.
D. lower their prices.
18. What can Lee do to show his clients that they are important to the travel agency?
A. Speak loudly so that clients can easily hear your responses.
B. Stare at clients so they know you are listening.
C. Request a supervisor's assistance in resolving problems.
D. Use the clients' names in conversations.
19. Which of the following is an example of a airline behaving unethically when it communicates information to customers:
A. Refusing to publicize confidential data
B. Regularly sending e-mails to customers
C. Deliberately trying to confuse customers
D. Providing detailed data in chart form
20. Which of the following is an appropriate action to take when dealing with difficult customers:
A. Minimize your listening.
B. Maximize your talking.
C. Raise your voice.
D. Maintain eye contact.
21. In order to interpret business policies to customers, an airline ticket agent must
A. get permission from management.
B. understand the business's policies.
C. feel good about the policies.
D. help to set the business's policies.
22. What should travel agents tell their clients about cruise ship gratuities?
A. It is traditional to tip anyone who provides service at the time such service is given, including the ship's officers.
B. Gratuities are included in the cruise fare; therefore, it is not necessary to tip servers or cabin stewards.
C. Passengers should tip 15% - 20% of the cost of the meal, just as they do in restaurants, and it is optional to tip cabin stewards.
D. Passengers should tip dining-room stewards and cabin stewards a certain amount per day, which can be prepaid for the client's convenience.
23. What is the best way to resolve a dispute with an airline passenger whose assigned seat has been accidentally given to another passenger?
A. Offer the passenger several alternatives
B. Agree that the airline is irresponsible
C. Blame the problem on the reservations agent
D. Give the passenger a complimentary beverage
24. Why do travel and tourism businesses extend credit to their customers?
A. To take advantage of the convenience
B. To purchase necessary supplies
C. To save money
D. To be competitive
25. The preparation of income statements and balance sheets is usually the responsibility of a travel agency's__________ department.
A. marketing
B. purchasing
C. accounting
D. human resources
26. Is sales tax included on an invoice when it is prepared for a cruise ship gift shop that is purchasing the goods to resell to its passengers?
A. No, the consumer pays the sales tax.
B. Yes, the business pays the sales tax.
C. No, the manufacturer pays the sales tax.
D. Yes, the business claims the sales tax as a tax deduction.
27. Should a tour operator's sales forecasters gather information about its competitors' activities?
A. No, forecasters should study the market and the economy.
B. Yes, competitors' activities have a negative effect.
C. Yes, competitors' activities may affect the forecast.
D. No, the competition is an external factor beyond the business's control.
28. A manager of a department within a travel agency uses an operating budget as a basis for __________ the department.
A. organizing the personnel in
B. evaluating the efficiency of
C. supervising the staff within
D. preparing project deadlines for
29. If a business's profit-and-loss statement shows sales of $50,000, operating expenses of $10,000, and cost of goods sold $30,000, the remaining $10,000 is the business's
A. net margin.
B. net profit.
C. gross profit.
D. gross expenses.
30. One procedure that the Fleetwood Rent-A-Car Company uses to determine its future hiring needs involves analyzing
A. sales volume.
B. merit pay.
C. job security.
D. formal training.
31. Which of the following is an inappropriate question to ask a prospective airline reservation coordinator during a job interview:
A. What are your political beliefs?
B. What are your typical work habits?
C. What are you short-term career goals?
D. What is one technique you use to manage time?
32. Which of the following is a technique that can be used to catch the new employees' attention when beginning a job orientation:
A. Having all equipment in working order
B. Reviewing the agenda with program speakers
C. Greeting the new employees
D. Telling a story about the company
33. If tour guide managers find that their solutions to employees complaints are ineffective, what should they do?
A. Give the solutions additional time.
B. Ask employees to work harder.
C. Reject the solutions and start over.
D. Restate the consequences for failure to comply.
34. Why does a cruise ship need to calculate how long it takes to clean a cabin each day if all cabins must be cleaned by a certain time?
A. To establish a staffing guide
B. To purchase sheets and towels
C. To schedule staff vacations
D. To keep track of attendance
35. One of the advantages of obtaining and using marketing information is because it helps travel agency managers to
A. prepare documents and reports.
B. predict and control risks.
C. train and direct employees.
D. review and understand regulations.
36. What are general considerations that tour operators must evaluate when assessing their ongoing marketing-information needs?
A. Sample size and measurement
B. Variables and statistical range
C. Data relevancy and application
D. Production standards and mode
37. In the travel and tourism industry, some businesses use the information from sales representatives to make decisions. One type of report that details a sales representative's planned sales calls and routes for an upcoming week or month is a(n) __________ report.
A. quota
B. territory
C. call
D. activity
38. What is the overall purpose of evaluating the results of a marketing-research project?
A. To select the next marketing-research project
B. To decide which recommendation to implement
C. To determine whether it benefited the business
D. To compare the methods of data collection
39. The Tanner Tour Company has set a goal to increase profitability by 15% within the next two years. To achieve that goal, the company has decided to open a branch office in another city. This strategy is the corporation's
A. plan of action.
B. marketing mix.
C. type of risk.
D. financial plan.
40. Airlines can focus their marketing efforts by dividing the total market for their products into
A. demographics.
B. mass markets.
C. market segments.
D. potential consumers.
41. What type of information do taxi companies include in their marketing plans?
A. Billing methods
B. Pricing strategies
C. Payroll systems
D. Accounting procedures
42. Which of the following is an internal strength that a travel agency might identify during a SWOT analysis:
A. Extensive regulation
B. Financial resources
C. Increased expenses
D. Limited competition
43. What type of marketing information do many cruise ships collect in order to measure the level of customer satisfaction?
A. Number and type of complaints
B. Variety of advertisements
C. Quantity and value of sales
D. Performance of equipment
44. Which of the following is a way a travel agency might change its place strategy:
A. Increasing availability
B. Revising service policies
C. Reacting to market prices
D. Placing new advertisements
45. What do tour companies often do with the information obtained as a result of conducting a marketing audit?
A. Organize current inventory
B. Develop pricing strategy
C. Gather advertising data
D. Plan corrective action
46. A person who promotes Walt Disney theme parks is marketing a(n)
A. cause.
B. service.
C. lifestyle.
D. intermediary.
47. An example of a nondurable good is a
A. television.
B. can of soda.
C. pillow.
D. bus tour.
48. After the popularity of a cruise destination dropped, the Fun Time Cruise Lines needed a new cruise destination to promote that would help to improve its image. Which of the following marketing functions would come up with the new cruise destination:
A. Promotion
B. Distribution
C. Selling
D. Product/Service management
49. Panic buttons, video systems, and cash-control devices are all
A. types of electronic games.
B. customer interactive systems.
C. new inventory trends.
D. antirobbery systems.
50. Emergency procedures that involve escape and evacuation because of fire or natural disasters usually include plans for identifying
A. hazardous materials.
B. relatives of passengers.
C. travelers with disabilities.
D. suspicious activities.
51. A travel agent planning a tour for a family that wants transportation, lodging, meals, and car rental included for one price should schedule a(n) __________ tour.
A. fly/drive
B. escorted
C. hosted
D. package
52. To prevent accidents from happening in the aisles of a travel agency, employees should
A. warn clients to be careful.
B. be sure that there is proper lighting.
C. install lighted signs.
D. keep the aisles clear.
53. Which of the following examples demonstrates a good security practice for cruise ship gift shop employees to follow:
A. Jane verifies her opening change fund several times a day.
B. Noelle chats with customers while ringing up sales.
C. Kelsey keeps her purse on a shelf underneath the register.
D. Tom checks the amount and date on all personal checks.
54. In the travel and tourism industry, which of the following production activities issues work orders telling employees their specific job assignments:
A. Dispatching
B. Routing
C. Scheduling
D. Follow-up
55. Which of the following is an example of a common operating expense:
A. Revenue
B. Investment
C. Compensation
D. Capital
56. Which of the following is a way that a convention center's employees can manage their work in order to help control business expenses:
A. By disregarding procedures
B. By prolonging tasks
C. By waiting for assignments
D. By meeting deadlines
57. A theme park that is clean and well maintained is likely to
A. attract and retain customers.
B. appeal to many suppliers.
C. have an insurance division.
D. have high sales expenses.
58. Which of the following actions is least likely to help you achieve a goal:
A. Keeping a written record of your progress
B. Setting a time limit for achieving the goal
C. Asking your friends if the goal is worthwhile
D. Developing a plan of things to do
59. What should people ignore when they are polishing and refining their ideas in order to make them work?
A. Logical questions
B. Personal suggestions
C. Negative comments
D. Industry feedback
60. Which of the following audiences do exhibitors at trade shows want to reach:
A. Suppliers
B. Vendors
C. Sellers
D. Buyers
61. When does a snow skiing resort located in a mountainous region of the northern hemisphere most likely experience its highest occupancy rates?
A. In late autumn
B. Weekends in June and July
C. The colder winter months
D. During hurricane season
62. The low prices charged by discount businesses help to project their specific
A. bias.
B. trend.
C. image.
D. worth.
63. Competing airlines that agree to coordinate the discounts and credit terms that they offer their customers are
A. unit pricing.
B. price planning.
C. target pricing.
D. price fixing.
64. Airlines recognize the existence of different demand curves for different customer groups. Airlines can meet these various demands by
A. providing additional luggage space, as needed, for business travelers.
B. advertising to encourage passengers to fly during nonpeak times.
C. supplying and pricing airline tickets based on route, time period, and class of service.
D. offering cash-back savings to vacation travelers.
65. Which of the following is an example of a group that might have responsibility for product planning:
A. Research crews
B. Venture teams
C. Financial panels
D. Survey compilers
66. A business that generates an idea for a new product that goes along with an existing product is creating a __________ product.
A. generic
B. strategic
C. complementary
D. diversified
67. Which of the following prohibits businesses from harassing their slow-pay credit customers:
A. Federal Trade Commission Act
B. Equal Credit Opportunity Act
C. Fair Debt Collection Act
D. Consumer Credit Protection Act
68. When a travel agency makes changes in the type and amount of services it offers, it is making strategy changes in its
A. product item.
B. product line.
C. product mix.
D. promotional mix.
69. Determine if this statement is true or false: Promotion is the only element of the marketing mix that is considered when positioning a travel product.
A. True, promotion is the least expensive way to position a travel product.
B. False, all elements of the marketing mix should complement the intended position.
C. True, promotion influences the consumers directly.
D. False, the travel product is the most important element of the mix considered in positioning.
70. A brand extension is an example of a
A. brand promise.
B. brand strategy.
C. family brand.
D. corporate brand.
71. A cruise line's passenger services are intended to create
A. goodwill and passenger satisfaction.
B. passenger satisfaction and increased inventories.
C. goodwill and decreased markup.
D. increased inventories and decreased markup.
72. The benefit to a cruise ship of placing comment cards in all passenger cabins to determine how satisfied guests are with the ship's facilities and services is the
A. control of how the cards are handled.
B. quality of data collected.
C. typical response rate.
D. quantity of data collected.
73. Airlines develop specific positioning strategies for their products because they want to
A. appeal to unknown markets.
B. determine advertising needs.
C. increase employee productivity.
D. create a particular image.
74. Which of the following is one of the main areas of concern when evaluating the effectiveness of a tour:
A. Background of tour participants
B. Amount of deposit required
C. Type of travel company
D. Performance of tour director
75. In the travel and tourism industry, effective communication between buyers and sellers is
A. impossible to achieve.
B. not essential to promotion.
C. an important function of promotion.
D. the responsibility of buyers.
76. Which of the following is the basic purpose of a travel agency's promotional mix:
A. To list the travel agency's products
B. To provide all travel product information
C. To influence clients to purchase
D. To reduce competitors' sales
77. Which of the following examples is most likely to stimulate ethical controversy in terms of promotion:
A. An airline works with a hotel chain to develop a national sweepstakes promotion.
B. A television station runs several beer commercials during prime-time viewing hours.
C. A travel agency places advertisements in newspapers announcing a new cruise package.
D. A radio station broadcasts public-service announcements that inform the public about health issues.
78. When a government develops and enforces laws relating to deceptive advertisements, it is regulating the travel and tourism industry's __________ activities.
A. promotional
B. distribution
C. financial
D. research
79. What advertising medium is particularly good at reaching selective local audiences at low costs?
A. Direct mail
B. Television
C. Newspaper
D. Radio
80. The primary cost factors that travel agencies must consider when developing a direct advertising campaign include list acquisition, delivery, and
A. inventory.
B. production.
C. research.
D. follow-up.
81. Why is it important for airlines to coordinate news releases with other promotional activities?
A. To evaluate advertising
B. To achieve their goals
C. To develop a budget
D. To obtain sales incentives
82. Airlines often implement frequency marketing programs as a way to
A. identify sales referrals.
B. advocate community service.
C. build customer loyalty.
D. justify the promotional budget.
83. Identifying the target market often is one of the first steps a cruise line takes in order to develop a
A. receiving process.
B. distribution channel.
C. promotional plan.
D. production schedule.
84. Methods for post-testing advertisements to evaluate their effectiveness often include which of the following:
A. Observation and handling objections
B. Cold canvassing and blind prospecting
C. Focus groups and recall testing
D. Test-marketing and random sampling
85. Selling policies concerned with pricing, product availability, and discounts are categorized as __________ policies.
A. service
B. selling-activity
C. delivery
D. terms-of-sale
86. Technological advancements have made it possible for salespeople in the travel and tourism industry to learn and practice selling techniques at their own pace by using
A. interactive training software.
B. videoconferencing applications.
C. database software programs.
D. customized training specialists.
87. A travel agency can obtain free product information about specific tour products through the tour operators'
A. marketing research.
B. sales representatives.
C. focus groups.
D. employee training programs.
88. A travel agent explains to customers that they are booked on a direct flight from Miami to Boston which means that they will
A. not stop along the way.
B. change planes.
C. fly first class.
D. make one or more stops.
89. A travel consultant can most often obtain accurate information about a tour's benefits and features by
A. talking with clients who have taken the tour.
B. surfing the Internet for tour testimonials.
C. assessing service and cancellation information.
D. conducting a focus group that includes competitors.
90. Which of the following is a reason why people might select a certain travel agency:
A. Agency is a sole proprietorship.
B. Agency is a travel wholesaler.
C. Agency offers services online.
D. Agency has a low commission rate.
91. What does a travel agent need to find out early in the conversation in order to determine a client's travel preferences?
A. Possibility of upgrading
B. Dollar amount of budget
C. Desired length of trip
D. Barriers to selling
92. Why is it important for a tour operator to walk through a tour site before adding the site to a tour itinerary?
A. To determine length of time needed to tour the site
B. To calculate the total cost of visiting the site
C. To arrange for overnight accommodations in the area
D. To locate suitable dining facilities nearby
93. When a small bus-tour group arrives at a lodging facility, what is a step in the process of checking in the guests?
A. Assigning a room
B. Issuing a receipt
C. Cashing a check
D. Posting charges
94. Purchasers of traveler's checks sign them at two different times. The first time is at the time of purchase, and the second time is when the
A. customers reach their destination.
B. checks are cashed.
C. checks are discarded.
D. customers leave on a trip.
95. A tour wholesaler is arranging a travel package for a university alumni group that is going to the Rose Bowl. What type of package is it?
A. All-inclusive
B. Event
C. Incentive
D. Convention
96. While on a guided tour of Washington D.C., Pete purchases a souvenir in a museum gift shop. If the sales tax rate is 4% and the subtotal of a bill is $65.46, what is the total amount of the sales check?
A. $68.08
B. $64.50
C. $65.46
D. $61.46
97. When processing the final payment for a client's cruise tickets, a travel agent should complete a(n)
A. exchange form.
B. tour order.
C. boarding pass.
D. surcharge report.
98. Which of the following functions is a travel agency sales manager demonstrating when s/he is motivating the behavior of the sales staff for the purpose of reaching specific goals:
A. Training
B. Planning
C. Staffing
D. Leading
99. While working at Fly-Away Airlines, Ken's manager, Linda, tells other members of the department that Ken is receiving a six percent salary increase. Linda is exhibiting unethical behavior because she is
A. refusing to be objective.
B. expressing favoritism toward Ken.
C. misusing company funds.
D. revealing confidential information.
100. Which of the following is an example of a technological trend that would affect business:
A. The enforcement of safety rules
B. The expanded use of computers
C. The rising median age of the population
D. The support of business with subsidies
01. Torts relating to misrepresented facts about a business's goods or services may be subject to a lawsuit on the basis of
A. defamation.
B. assault.
C. intrusion.
D. fraud.
02. Aviation, taxation, and commerce are categories of ____________ law.
A. judicial
B. legislative
C. administrative
D. executive
03. Which of the following is true regarding passenger rights in the air travel industry:
A. There is an international "Bill of Rights" to protect air travel consumers.
B. If baggage is lost, airlines pay a flat fee to reimburse the passenger.
C. It is legal for an airline to overbook a flight.
D. Airlines must provide monetary compensation if a flight is delayed due to bad weather.
04. Wal-Mart, Domino's Pizza, and Avis Rent-a-Car are examples of
A. retailers.
B. industrial distributors.
C. agents.
D. wholesalers.
05. Channel members of a supply chain should be familiar with antitrust laws so they do not engage in activities that
A. limit monopolies.
B. hinder competition.
C. restrict efficiency.
D. prohibit authority.
06. Before you can perform new tasks, you should first read the instruction manual so you can
A. use shortcuts to complete the tasks quickly.
B. apply the directions in reverse order.
C. perform the tasks in the order that you think works best.
D. follow the written directions in the proper sequence.
07. What two elements are necessary for effective two-way communication to take place?
A. Sharing and caring
B. Telling and informing
C. Sharing and understanding
D. Words and meaning
08. Once you know your group's purpose, what should you do next?
A. Find out what people know about the subject
B. Agree on ground rules
C. Volunteer a new idea
D. Contribute in a useful way
09. Which of the following actions is it important for a speaker to take when s/he makes an oral business presentation to a large group:
A. Relax the audience by swaying back and forth when speaking
B. Turn away from the audience when presenting visual aids
C. Avoid eye contact with anyone in the audience
D. Speak loudly enough for the audience to hear the message
10. What is a technique that often helps businesspeople to write effective business letters?
A. Developing charts
B. Consulting references
C. Preparing outlines
D. Asking questions
11. A persuasive message that asks a person to do something should be written in a way that makes it easy for the person to
A. respond positively.
B. organize logically.
C. answer politely.
D. read slowly.
12. Customer relations skills such as courtesy and friendliness should be emphasized during a business's
A. facilities design.
B. market research.
C. hiring process.
D. technology planning.
13. A business improves its technology so it can better meet customer wants and needs. This results from a business activity known as
A. continuous improvement.
B. employee training.
C. organizational structuring.
D. business process management.
14. Distribution channel members must keep in mind that customers tend to
A. expect low service levels.
B. define service differently.
C. want immediate delivery.
D. refuse late shipments.
15. The things that people buy in order to satisfy their economic wants are known as
A. free goods.
B. economic votes.
C. tangible objects.
D. economic goods and services.
16. Which of the following factors have provided businesses with more opportunities to buy and sell products at the international level:
A. Protectionism
B. Free-trade agreements
C. Language barriers
D. Strict safety standards
17. What do businesses often need to do to adapt to today's markets?
A. Remodel corporate facilities
B. Hire new management staff
C. Participate in international trade
D. Analyze organizational resources
18. A major characteristic of a market economy is __________ ownership of property.
A. monopolistic
B. limited
C. government
D. private
19. A business that encourages its workers to give input on issues affecting the company is using
A. quality of work life.
B. specialization.
C. motivation.
D. participative decision-making.
20. Which of the following factors characterizes the growth phase of business cycles:
A. Demand for resources exceeds their availability.
B. Consumers and producers are borrowing more money.
C. Consumers are putting more money into savings.
D. Producers are reducing their purchases of new goods.
21. Refusing to do things you really don't want to do is __________ your self-esteem.
A. of no help to
B. harmful to
C. good for
D. not good for
22. Which of the following is often one of the causes of discrimination:
A. Harassment
B. Diversity
C. Stress
D. Prejudice
23. Christie's coworkers know that she won't repeat what they tell her if they ask her not to do so. This indicates that Christie is a(n) __________ coworker.
A. tactful
B. straightforward
C. trustworthy
D. efficient
24. Showing your concern for another person by using appropriate facial expressions, gestures, and eye contact is one way of exhibiting
A. self-understanding.
B. interdependency.
C. empathy.
D. verbal communication.
25. During a negotiation, Kara tells Jason that she will agree to help him with the department budget, if he agrees to help her finish a research project. This is an example of
A. unfair collaboration.
B. bargaining.
C. peer pressure.
D. self-control.
26. Taking a couple of deep breaths and counting to 10 slowly are techniques that will help you to
A. get what you want.
B. keep your self-control.
C. become more emotional.
D. feel superior to others.
27. When persuading others to go along with a proposed change, you should
A. explain how the change will benefit them.
B. tell them that there's a better way of doing things.
C. minimize the amount of information you give.
D. reinforce your proposal with facts and statistics.
28. Which of the following is an example of processing a transaction with a debit card:
A. Jayden purchased a new video game from Great Deal Electronics using a store-issued card given to him by his grandfather.
B. Tyler provided his card number and expiration date to the online-travel agency so he could obtain his airline tickets now and receive his bill for the tickets later.
C. After Ava finished her meal at an upscale restaurant, she presented the server with a card that provided Ava with a special discount off her bill.
D. When Naomi purchased office supplies, she presented the cashier with a card that automatically withdrew funds from her business's checking account.
29. If individuals are not self-employed, which of the following is a type of earned income they might receive:
A. Vacation pay
B. Child support income
C. Interest and dividends
D. Trust disbursements
30. Insurance is a key element in lifelong financial planning that
A. provides protection against financial losses.
B. protects a person from unethical salespeople.
C. guarantees a solid financial future.
D. is available only to property owners.
31. When Alana prepares a report so that all of the financial data is clearly disclosed, she is ensuring that the information is
A. transparent.
B. relevant.
C. timely.
D. flexible.
32. Which of the following would a business use in order to know how much money is available to hire more staff:
A. Accounting information
B. Profit-and-loss statement
C. Income statement
D. Journal
33. One reason why ethics is important in accounting is because financial records can be
A. made available to the public.
B. interpreted in different ways.
C. reviewed by government agencies.
D. communicated in writing.
34. One of the roles of ethics in finance is to encourage business employees to
A. make the right decisions.
B. increase company profits.
C. sell to customers.
D. prepare operating budgets.
35. One way that the use of computer technology benefits human resources management is by
A. reducing the need to interview candidates.
B. electronically processing information.
C. quickly delegate work assignments.
D. analyzing valuable feedback.
36. Which of the following is an example of external secondary information that a hotel chain might use for marketing-research purposes:
A. Suggestion cards collected from guests
B. Online industry reports
C. Guest-registration data
D. Occupancy forecasts
37. Which of the following is an example of primary hospitality and tourism market information:
A. Financial statements provided in annual reports
B. Automated guest history records that can be shared by affiliated businesses
C. Reservation records and registration information
D. Free reception for frequent travelers in which feedback is collected
38. A restaurant wants to predict how their customers will react to a new menu. What type of relationship should the restaurant mine from blogs?
A. Sequential patterns
B. Classes
C. Clusters
D. Associations
39. Calculate the mean using the following statistical table: Numeric Value of Response Number of Responses 6 8 5 12 4 16 3 14 2 9 1 6
A. 2.9
B. 3.3
C. 3.7
D. 4.1
40. The research data indicate a correlation of -1 > r > 0. What does that tell you?
A. The two variables tend to increase or decrease together.
B. One variable increases as the other variable decreases.
C. There is perfect correlation between the two variables.
D. The two variables do not vary together at all.
41. The purpose of using presentation software to prepare multimedia presentations often is to use those presentations to
A. support report findings.
B. maintain customer files.
C. develop web sites.
D. access online resources.
42. When presenting research findings orally, you can help an audience of business professionals to better understand the findings if you
A. designate a research team member to ask questions.
B. call on the audience to explain their understanding of the research.
C. use meaningful comparisons.
D. provide a bibliography of the resources cited.
43. A small, local restaurant has decided to advertise its elegant atmosphere and qualified wait staff. This approach is an example of __________ marketing.
A. service
B. product
C. mass
D. target
44. A company wants the public to perceive it as a builder of luxury resorts. What goal does this illustrate?
A. Projecting a certain image
B. Increasing sales
C. Increasing efficiency/productivity
D. Achieving stability
45. One of the benefits to a hotel of keeping a guest-history file is that the information in the file can help the hotel to
A. advertise effectively.
B. stay within a budget.
C. hire well-trained workers.
D. register walk-in guests efficiently.
46. One way for a hospitality business to obtain current information in a cost-effective and efficient manner is by
A. interviewing experts.
B. developing a survey.
C. reviewing archived journals.
D. accessing an Internet search engine.
47. Information management can be a challenge because
A. there is only one "right" way to do it.
B. there is often not enough information to manage.
C. many people don't understand what it is.
D. no one wants to participate in it.
48. Mr. Edwards saved some confidential customer information from his employer's computer network onto a flash drive, so that he could work on a project from a different location. Without realizing it, Mr. Edwards dropped the flash drive in a parking lot on his way to a meeting. This situation is an example of a risk related to
A. employee privacy.
B. patent protection.
C. information security.
D. data entry.
49. Which of the following is an example of the digital convergence occurring on the Internet:
A. Internet companies increasing their bandwidth
B. Internet companies offering wireless service
C. Internet companies offering phone service
D. Internet companies increasing their use of WANs
50. Justin's company is keeping documents regarding the accidental death of an employee while on the job. In case the employee's family sues the company, the business should have __________ records on hand.
A. promotional
B. payroll
C. asset
D. legal
51. A growing trend that is influencing the way that many companies do business is the concern for
A. distributing the wealth.
B. protecting the environment.
C. monitoring the economy.
D. regulating the government.
52. A current trend in the hospitality industry is to build loyal customer relationships and enhance service levels by optimizing the use of
A. independent travel agents.
B. satellite roving devices.
C. Internet web sites.
D. service rating advisors.
53. One way that businesses maintain the security of data that they send over the Internet to clients is by using a software program that prevents a(n)
A. virus from being downloaded.
B. document from being forwarded.
C. attachment from being included.
D. search engine from being used.
54. Judy fell from a display platform and tore the ligaments in her ankle. Her injury is considered a(n)
A. strain.
B. open wound.
C. hernia.
D. sprain.
55. What type of computer program helps protect digital business information from the negative effects of malware?
A. Spyware
B. Firewalls
C. Cookies
D. Shareware
56. What should an event's project managers do before asking for contributions?
A. Prepare a budget
B. Open an account
C. Arrange for credit
D. Hold a fund-raiser
57. Which of the following is NOT something you need to complete your project:
A. Sponsors
B. Tools
C. Permission
D. Money
58. Some businesses use an automatic reorder system to maintain an adequate
A. work environment.
B. inventory of supplies.
C. budget for expenses.
D. maintenance system.
59. What production activity establishes a timetable?
A. Routing
B. Dispatching
C. Planning
D. Scheduling
60. When dealing with an actual robbery situation, it is important that employees remember to
A. keep the business's safe locked.
B. keep as little cash on hand as possible.
C. discuss the situation with anyone who asks about it.
D. give the robbers what they want to avoid potential injury.
61. While an adventure tour guide is leading a white-water rafting group, a group member falls and breaks an ankle. What are the primary provisions the guide needs to help the injured group member?
A. Medical kit and cellular phone
B. Toolbox and flashlight
C. Map and compass
D. Prescription pain medication
62. People who figure out what they need to do to obtain what they want are often able to
A. compete with others.
B. act independently.
C. reach their goals.
D. achieve financial success.
63. Time management helps to reduce stress because it
A. allows adequate time for personal and professional activities.
B. provides less time for rest and relaxation.
C. encourages procrastination in planning necessary activities.
D. increases feelings of pressure and tension.
64. The job interviewer told Elizabeth at the end of the interview that he couldn't offer her the job because she lacked a particular skill that the job required. Elizabeth's next step should be to
A. look for another similar job opportunity.
B. write the interviewer a follow-up letter.
C. file a formal complaint with the EEOC.
D. look for training in the required job skill.
65. Why do many businesses provide opportunities for their employees to continue their education or receive additional training?
A. To be able to promote from within
B. To provide financial assistance
C. To identify problems in the company
D. To support the local community college
66. One of the main benefits for companies participating in a trade show is the opportunity to
A. meet with competitors.
B. obtain sales leads.
C. visit new cities.
D. hire new employees.
67. A primary reason hospitality employees and businesses join professional or trade organizations is to
A. increase employee productivity.
B. develop promotional efforts and materials.
C. qualify for additional government funding.
D. obtain further education and certification.
68. What is the typical effect of an economic slowdown on the hospitality industry?
A. An increase in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available
B. A decrease in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available
C. A decrease in the number of guests and a decrease in the number of rooms available
D. An increase in the number of guests and an increase in the number of rooms available
69. In the travel and tourism industry, customers' perceptions of value and worth are often associated with
A. price.
B. profit.
C. place.
D. promotion.
70. Which of the following would be the best option for restaurant managers to do to encourage the identification of new product ideas:
A. Encourage family members to generate new product suggestions and ideas
B. Encourage competitors to recommend new product ideas
C. Encourage employees to report new product ideas from other restaurants they visit
D. Encourage their trade association to regularly submit new product ideas to local restaurants
71. Several clients indicate an interest in products that the business does not currently offer. These requests can be given to buyers to help them to
A. forecast sales.
B. determine what to buy.
C. select vendors.
D. research the market.
72. How does a product's peak selling season affect a business's purchasing efforts?
A. Businesses usually buy small quantities of the item on a more frequent basis.
B. Businesses generally need less lead time for large quantity orders.
C. Businesses usually base order size on the competition's buying behavior.
D. Businesses generally buy the item in larger quantities.
73. Which of the following is an example of a product in the travel and tourism industry:
A. A brochure explaining cruise options
B. A fly-drive vacation package
C. An inquiry about flight schedules
D. A confirmation letter to a customer
74. A large company that owns a chain of economy hotels recently developed plans to start a chain of upscale hotels. This is an example of
A. multicorporate franchising.
B. market potential.
C. product extensions.
D. property management systems.
75. Which of the following is a service that might influence a business owner's decision to select a certain vendor:
A. Budgeting
B. Forecasting
C. Regulating
D. Advertising
76. Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, which prides itself on its extensive collection of art and artifacts, has created a series of audio programs featuring discussions with art experts about works of art found at Four Season Hotels and Resorts around the country. These recordings, available in several different formats, are available for download at the company's web site. Which of the following terms best describes these audio programs:
A. Podcasts
B. Social media
C. Blogs
D. Ad serving
77. Which of the following is an example of a social bookmarking web site:
A. Del.icio.us
B. Google
C. Bing
D. Facebook
78. Which of the following computer programs prevents e-mail messages containing the word "free" in the subject header from entering the inbox:
A. Queues
B. Gophers
C. Filters
D. Servers
79. Using the color yellow in an advertisement would help to create a(n)
A. appropriate ad for St. Patrick's Day.
B. feeling of cheerfulness and warmth.
C. very legible advertisement.
D. feeling of coolness and quiet.
80. Which of the following has a significant impact on the composition of a print ad:
A. Production costs
B. Storyboard
C. Color harmonies
D. Dialogue
81. One way to use the concept of digital color is to prepare
A. publicity plans.
B. accurate proofs.
C. marketing programs.
D. sales procedures.
82. At the Clara's Pizza Parlor web site, customers are encouraged to send electronic postcards advertising the restaurant to friends and families. This is an example of __________ word-of-mouth marketing.
A. amplified
B. organic
C. celebrity
D. inconspicuous
83. Advertising copy that explains the features of a product and how those features benefit consumers is using a(n) __________ strategy.
A. irrational
B. imaginative
C. emotional
D. factual
84. Which of the following is effective mobile ad copy for a teenage target market:
A. Psst. Are you hungry? Then stop by Pete's Pizza for a free slice of cheese pizza. Today only. Tell all your friends. See you soon.
B. RU hngry? thN stop by Pete's <) 4 a fre slice. 2day 1ly. CU sn.
C. Pete's Pizza. Free slice.
D. When was the last time that you ate? Aren't you getting hungry? Then you've got to stop by. We'd love to see you. Bye.
85. The purpose of checking an advertising proof is to
A. check the ad's style.
B. correct any errors.
C. finalize the copy.
D. choose the ad's placement.
86. When identifying community issues for company involvement, most businesses consider participating in ones that
A. contribute to the social good.
B. earn a reasonable profit.
C. support controversial issues.
D. boost employee loyalty.
87. Which of the following is a guideline for writing a news release:
A. Close with a summary of the main points
B. Be objective in presenting facts
C. Use several pages to tell the complete story
D. Allow the media to correct spelling and grammar
88. What do many businesses plan to attract customers and encourage them to visit their facilities?
A. Market trips
B. Trade shows
C. Press kits
D. Special events
89. Putting out seasonal merchandise and creating festive displays are activities that are part of a
A. liquidation sale.
B. holiday open house.
C. staff party.
D. customer appreciation day.
90. Which of the following is an important part of display maintenance:
A. Selecting proper lighting
B. Choosing an effective principle of design
C. Selecting an arrangement pattern
D. Replacing missing items immediately
91. One way of tracking marketing-communications activities is through the use of
A. questionnaires.
B. databases.
C. surveys.
D. interviews.
92. Which of the following is an example of a sales promotion that hotels often use to attract customers:
A. Public relations campaign
B. Local newspaper advertisement
C. Weekend discount package
D. Cable television commercial
93. What might a travel agency include in a display to graphically show people enjoying a destination or participating in a tour of exotic places?
A. Videos
B. Testimonials
C. Facts
D. Souvenirs
94. What type of selling question is the following: "What color of car do you want?"
A. Open-ended
B. Assumptive
C. Impersonal
D. Interpretive
95. Salespersons who use the products they sell are able to suggest appropriate substitute products to customers because of their own personal
A. experience.
B. preference.
C. feelings.
D. opinion.
96. Which of the following is an example of a salesperson empathizing with a customer's objection:
A. "I understand how you feel."
B. "You think the price is too high."
C. "Everyone is buying this item."
D. "This is the best deal in town."
97. A salesperson should answer a customer's questions and fully explain the benefits of products so that the customer will
A. feel good about the buying decision.
B. think about making a decision.
C. be left in a state of indecision.
D. make a quick decision.
98. What type of technique might be effective if a business is trying to sell a large, complex product to another business?
A. Retail selling
B. Mass marketing
C. Sale pricing
D. Team selling
99. A circumstance that often motivates people to select one lodging facility over another is the
A. food and beverage tax rate.
B. seller's personal preferences.
C. use of positioning strategies.
D. location of the property.
100. Which of the following is the main purpose of management:
A. To create a pleasant working atmosphere
B. To reach a specific level of productivity
C. To obtain the needed resources
D. To accomplish the business's goals