01. What type of law focuses on issues regarding the promises that businesses make with their customers, vendors, and other business partners?
A. Patent
B. Constitutional
C. Probate
D. Contract
02. A basic principle of procedural due process involves __________ before taking action.
A. awarding damages
B. obtaining witnesses
C. providing notice
D. creating evidence
03. Which of the following statements is true regarding joint ventures:
A. Large corporations are the only business structures that can benefit from joint ventures.
B. Joint ventures are used only when it is necessary to raise a lot of capital.
C. Joint venture arrangements are usually short-term relationships.
D. An independent attorney must always be consulted before signing a joint venture agreement.
04. Providing marketing information is an important channel activity. Businesses rely on marketing information to determine
A. their target markets' needs and wants.
B. how intermediaries are performing.
C. how much to charge for their products.
D. what to name their products.
05. Which of the following is a benefit of channels of distribution:
A. Producers must spend more money.
B. We can more easily obtain products from all over the world.
C. Retailers must spend more money.
D. We spend more time looking for products we want.
06. A manufacturer that has 65% of the market share is pressuring its wholesalers to sign an agreement stating that they will not sell competing products. In this situation, the agreement is illegal because it
A. controls resale prices.
B. prohibits monopolies.
C. violates antitrust laws.
D. limits producers' rights.
07. A producer can minimize channel conflict among its distributors and retailers by
A. offering different products through each channel.
B. selling its items directly to the end users.
C. establishing slotting fees for certain channels.
D. requesting that the channel members carry only its brand.
08. Which of the following is a leading question:
A. Mia is a great manager, isn't she?
B. How was your weekend?
C. What did you discuss in the meeting?
D. What are you having for lunch?
09. During a brainstorming session, should participants be allowed to add new ideas to the list that are based on another group member's idea?
A. Yes, because ideas that are too outrageous should be immediately modified
B. No, because using someone else's idea is considered stealing
C. No, because it can be interpreted as a poor evaluation of the idea
D. Yes, because other participants' ideas can trigger new ideas
10. When businesses need to formalize the information provided to employees, customers, or other businesses, they often use __________ communication.
A. written
B. lateral
C. upward
D. verbal
11. What is one reason why businesses write informational messages?
A. To analyze sales proposals
B. To develop research reports
C. To explain new policies
D. To obtain positive feedback
12. Because Caroline does not have enough time to read an entire 400-page business report, what section of the report should she review to obtain an overview of the most important content?
A. Appendices
B. Table of contents
C. Executive summary
D. Conclusions
13. Which of the following is a type of simple written report that usually is distributed to employees within a business:
A. Newsletter
B. Proposal
C. Handbook
D. Memorandum
14. When taking notes during a seminar, a businessperson should write down
A. all details.
B. information of interest.
C. inaccurate statements.
D. key points.
15. A customer has purchased an item from you and is now faced with carrying six packages. You can use a practical idea to create positive customer relations by
A. wishing the customer luck in carrying all the packages.
B. thanking the customer for making so many purchases.
C. offering to place all the packages in one large bag.
D. complimenting the customer for getting a lot accomplished.
16. Which of the following is an example of an employee using nonverbal communication effectively to reinforce his/her service orientation:
A. When Mrs. Jones complained that her steak was not cooked the way she wanted it, Leah rolled her eyes.
B. Molly nodded and maintained eye contact as Ms. West explained the problem with her computer.
C. Tristan answered his office telephone and said, "Blanton Industries. How can I help you?"
D. Paul crossed his arms and tapped his foot impatiently as Mr. Cook asked about a charge on his bank statement.
17. A grocery store keeps track of customers' purchases through their loyalty cards. This is an example of
A. data encryption.
B. illegal data collection.
C. data security.
D. big data.
18. When a manufacturer asks a business to collect information from customers concerning how to improve a product, which type of utility is most likely to be affected?
A. Possession
B. Place
C. Time
D. Form
19. In a market economic system, who owns most of the means of production of goods and services?
A. Entrepreneurs
B. Political parties
C. Businesses and individuals
D. Government
20. Research and development speed up production by
A. providing employees with adequate job training.
B. simplifying existing products.
C. limiting inflation.
D. reviewing company goals with employees.
21. If total cost is $3,000 with zero quantity produced and $6,500 with 1,000 items produced, what is the marginal cost of producing each item?
A. $3.50
B. $3.00
C. $6.50
D. $1.00
22. According to the Keynesian theory of unemployment, the best solution for unemployment is to
A. keep prices the same.
B. cut wages.
C. increase demand.
D. increase inflation.
23. Which of the following is considered an external cause of business cycles:
A. Climatic changes
B. Aggregate demand
C. Money supply
D. Inventory levels
24. Levels of inflation and unemployment are factors that affect __________ in the world market.
A. communication
B. specialization
C. satisfaction
D. competition
25. A nation's currency exchange rate is likely to increase when
A. the labor force shrinks.
B. consumer confidence is high.
C. an economic contraction occurs.
D. stock values fluctuate.
26. Knowing your personal strengths and weaknesses helps you to
A. ask others for input about your strengths and abilities.
B. identify potential strengths and weaknesses in others.
C. make informed decisions about your future.
D. perform well on a skills assessment test.
27. A responsible employee is one who is able to __________ his/her mistakes.
A. conceal
B. avoid
C. admit
D. maximize
28. Which of the following responses to a difficult situation would damage your professional image:
A. Using inappropriate language
B. Listening without interrupting
C. Showing empathy toward others
D. Controlling your facial expression
29. Businesses should view negotiation as a way to
A. get the action they want.
B. get something done.
C. build strong relationships.
D. keep negative people quiet.
30. Which of the following could make it difficult for you to believe that your needs are as important as the needs of others:
A. You have developed a lot of self-respect.
B. You choose your own behavior.
C. You are an assertive person.
D. You are often around aggressive people.
31. Matthew and Miranda are equal partners in a small consulting firm. They have allocated eight percent of last year's profits to make business improvements. Matthew wants to purchase a new copy machine, while Miranda would rather paint the building and make it look more inviting to their clients. What is the reason for Matthew and Miranda's conflict?
A. Inconsistent behavior
B. Unclear boundaries
C. Limited resources
D. Authority
32. Which of the following coaching characteristics means that you are willing to admit your mistakes:
A. Approachability
B. Dependability
C. Patience
D. Humility
33. Shayla has a coworker who is from another country. Shayla and her coworker also have different religious backgrounds. Which of the following actions should Shayla take:
A. Accept her coworker and learn about the coworker's religion.
B. Focus on the differences, not the similarities, between them.
C. Avoid talking to the coworker so as not to offend her.
D. Take a negative attitude toward their differences.
34. When employees' personal interests become more important than achieving the company's overall goals, informal political relationships might form, which often cause organizational
A. integration.
B. unity.
C. utility.
D. conflict.
35. John recently expanded his business into another country to reach more of his target market. He was initially thrilled with his company's profits following the expansion; until he converted the money back to his domestic currency. At that point, he realized that the company made much less than he originally thought. What risk involved with international business did John experience?
A. Political unrest in foreign countries
B. International trade agreement changes
C. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations
D. The cost of international unionized labor
36. What form of currency is issued by the federal government?
A. Corporate bonds
B. Brokerage bills
C. Paper money
D. Certified notes
37. An advantage to retailers of offering credit is that credit customers
A. spend more time deciding to buy.
B. have little effect on store profits.
C. always pay their accounts promptly.
D. often buy impulse items more freely.
38. Each year, Marla must pay a certain percentage of the value of her home to the local government. Which of the following is the tax liability Marla is responsible for paying:
A. Sales
B. Excise
C. Property
D. Income
39. A manager looks at financial information to see if the company can afford to purchase a popular new item it wants to add to its shelves. This is an example of using financial information to
A. manage debt.
B. increase sales.
C. check up on the competition.
D. reduce expenses.
40. Accounting computer software programs increase the efficiency of accounting activities because they are used to
A. track payroll activities and develop annual reports.
B. create invoices and record customer payments.
C. monitor market share and summarize accounts payable data.
D. organize tax records and produce presentations.
41. Which of the following is categorized as owner's equity on a company's balance sheet:
A. Inventory
B. Accounts receivable
C. Retained earnings
D. Capital equipment
42. A commission or bonus is an example of a form of
A. compensation.
B. assistance program.
C. benefit.
D. employee contract.
43. Which of the following is a product strategy that marketers devise using available data:
A. What level of customer service to provide
B. Where to sell the product
C. What advertisements to run
D. How much to charge
44. Which of the following is the most important reason for creating a written plan for a marketing-research project:
A. To make it easy to analyze the data collected
B. To implement the marketing concept
C. To keep the project from going over budget
D. To keep the project on track
45. A marketer is having difficulty finding data about a competitor because the competitor's financial records have not been made public. Which disadvantage of secondary research does this situation illustrate?
A. It can be incomplete.
B. It can be out of date.
C. It can be costly.
D. It can be time-consuming.
46. A company wants to collect information from various sources to determine if it should consider expanding to international markets. What research method should the company use, if it does not want to spend a lot of time or money to obtain the information?
A. Interview
B. Causal
C. Experimental
D. Exploratory
47. Simon wants to know how well his company did last quarter in relation to other companies in its industry. He needs to conduct a
A. sales volume analysis.
B. market share analysis.
C. SWOT analysis.
D. customer analysis.
48. Which of the following is a form of qualitative research:
A. Sampling
B. Online survey
C. Experiment
D. Focus group
49. The process of coding is part of which step of the marketing research process?
A. Analysis
B. Collection
C. Presentation
D. Preparation
50. The following appeared on a recent survey: "Do you agree that the government wastes taxpayers' money by supporting unnecessary programs?" This is an example of a(n)
A. indifferent statement.
B. leading question.
C. open-ended inquiry.
D. unstated alternative.
51. What is the benefit of clearly stating a research problem or issue?
A. It determines the sample size needed for the marketing research project.
B. It helps to keep marketing research focused and relevant.
C. It determines the findings of the marketing research project.
D. It helps the researcher to determine whether a short- or long-term study is needed.
52. When all employees are on the "same page" and working toward a common goal, businesses tend to be more
A. negative.
B. ethical.
C. popular.
D. efficient.
53. Jackie is interested in predicting what special events result in higher demand for chocolate candy. She should conduct behavioral segmentation based on
A. benefits derived.
B. rate of use.
C. occasion response.
D. loyalty response.
54. If a situation analysis reveals that the company has a comprehensive, current, and flexible database system, it has identified a(n)
A. product benefit.
B. external asset.
C. internal strength.
D. technological flaw.
55. Which of the following is a true statement regarding how economic conditions may affect a business's sales forecast:
A. Economic conditions have very little impact on sales forecasts.
B. A poor economy will hurt sales for some businesses but will help others.
C. A poor economy will decrease sales for all types of businesses.
D. A strong economy will increase sales for all types of businesses.
56. Which of the following is a true statement regarding information management:
A. It's used primarily for decision making.
B. It's necessary for making even small business decisions.
C. It's the same thing as MIS.
D. It's the same thing as data processing.
57. Which of the following is an important component of computer systems:
A. Website
B. Internet
C. Software
D. E-commerce
58. Which of the following is a computer-based time-management tool that helps employees keep track of their appointments and activities:
A. Alarm clock
B. Perpetual calendar
C. Instant-messaging program
D. Electronic task organizer
59. Which of the following types of software programs would an employee use to prepare a form letter informing the company's clients of a change in product pricing:
A. Database
B. Spreadsheet
C. Presentation
D. Word processing
60. When creating web pages, a business should be sure to include a __________ the home page.
A. reason for
B. picture on
C. summary of
D. link to
61. An ongoing trend that affects how efficiently businesses operate is
A. technology improvements.
B. stable economic conditions.
C. predictable buying motives.
D. product classification methods.
62. Which of the following elements is part of a business's external environment?
A. Tax code
B. Research and development
C. Marketing
D. Personnel
63. Which of the following is not a cause of accidents on the job:
A. Compliance with rules
B. Lifting with the back muscles
C. Lack of knowledge
D. Horseplay among workers
64. One of the most important aspects of project management involves
A. training employees.
B. setting goals.
C. buying supplies.
D. identifying mistakes.
65. People are usually the most important resource because they are the ones who will
A. do the work.
B. use the tools.
C. solve the problems.
D. lead the project.
66. A project's quality-management plan includes strategies to ensure the quality of the deliverables as well as the quality of
A. the project's purpose.
B. the project itself.
C. employee education.
D. organizational investors.
67. What production activity evaluates products to make sure that the products the business produces meet certain quality standards?
A. Form utility
B. Automation
C. Follow-up
D. Standardization
68. "Big Q" is also known as
A. lean production.
B. total quality management.
C. robust design.
D. concurrent engineering.
69. Which of the following actions by employees might result in additional expense for a business:
A. Reporting incidents of shoplifting
B. Taking the initiative to find work
C. Making personal use of company property
D. Giving appropriate discounts to customers
70. In the time-management process, what should you do when you are identifying your objectives?
A. Update the plan.
B. Schedule daily activities.
C. Ask for advice.
D. Write them down.
71. A technique that is helpful in developing self-understanding is keeping a personal diary. You should use the diary to
A. review your progress on a daily basis.
B. record the events of your life in detail.
C. record your observations about others.
D. identify the patterns of your behavior.
72. Even though there is a significant chance that his business will fail, Sidney intends to open a sports memorabilia shop. What entrepreneurial trait is Sidney exhibiting?
A. Creativity
B. Organization
C. Willingness to take risks
D. Open-mindedness
73. Which of the following would help a job applicant to fill out job application forms easily:
A. Having a personal data sheet
B. Having computer experience
C. Keeping a file of job leads
D. Knowing someone at the business
74. Which of the following should you do when preparing your letter of application:
A. Write a letter that is at least one page long.
B. Mention any mutual contacts you have.
C. Repeat everything that is on your resume.
D. Proofread quickly so you can send the letter sooner.
75. Trade publications are used by businesses for which of the following reasons:
A. To determine quantities to buy
B. To obtain up-to-date information
C. To set up an operating budget
D. To appeal to the general public
76. What are salespeople expected to be able to do in order to sell goods and services to customers?
A. Arrange displays
B. Control expenses
C. Answer questions
D. Develop brochures
77. If a pharmaceutical company sets an unnecessarily high price for a lifesaving drug, it is behaving in a(n) __________ manner.
A. conscientious
B. economically justifiable
C. socially irresponsible
D. charitable
78. Businesses may price goods with a higher-than-average markup when
A. the risk of markdown is great.
B. customers are given little service.
C. handling expenses are low.
D. stock turnover is high.
79. Why must a business be very careful about eliminating products?
A. To prevent damaging the company's image
B. To comply with government regulations
C. To make higher prices acceptable
D. To avoid the need for commercialization
80. Which of the following marketing strategies is appropriate for the decline stage of the product life cycle:
A. Increasing promotion expenditures
B. Marketing to early adopters
C. Expanding the product line
D. Selling the product online
81. Which of the following is an idea-generation technique that uses programmed thinking:
A. Synectics
B. Mind mapping
C. Forced questioning
D. Attribute listing
82. While facilitating a brainstorming session to generate product ideas, Gavin told Amy that her idea would be too expensive to implement. What did Gavin do wrong while facilitating the brainstorming session?
A. Ignoring a group member
B. Evaluating the idea
C. Asking for opinions
D. Exceeding the time limit
83. The receptionist at a medical practice schedules patients' appointments for Dr. Langdon. Typically, Dr. Langdon needs 15 minutes for a sick-patient visit and 30 minutes for a well-patient's annual check-up. This is an example of a service standard related to
A. regulations.
B. quality.
C. cost.
D. time.
84. Giving customers a list of locations at which they can obtain repair or replacement as part of a warranty or guarantee provides the customer benefit of
A. increased profits.
B. service information.
C. legal recourse.
D. reduced anxiety about purchases.
85. Which of the following is not a reason to use contraction as a product mix strategy:
A. To avoid conflict with another product in the product mix
B. To make room for other products
C. To protect the company from a legal liability
D. To attract a new target market
86. Product bundling is an effective method to sell goods and services because it
A. provides new products with better exposure than advertising.
B. allows businesses to sell unrelated items at the same time.
C. creates a sense of value for the customer.
D. encourages customers to comparison shop.
87. Colors, logos, and images are all elements that make up a company's
A. distributor brand.
B. brand values.
C. brand promise.
D. brand identity.
88. Which of the following best describes the relationship of promotion and marketing:
A. Interrelated
B. Subsidiary
C. Dependent
D. One to one
89. When a business sets up a Facebook account to communicate with its existing and potential customers, what technological tool is it using?
A. Just-in-time marketing
B. Broadcast media
C. Social networking
D. Affiliate advertising
90. The main reason that a sportswear retailer decided to use direct-mail promotion was because it would reach the store's
A. current customers.
B. target market.
C. former employees.
D. local competitors.
91. Alexandria has been using Look-So-Good cosmetics for several years and would not consider changing brands. In fact, Alexandria likes the cosmetics so much that she has become an advocate for the cosmetic company. She tells everyone about the features and benefits of Look-So-Good products, and encourages them to try the cosmetics. What type of word-of-mouth marketing is Alexandria using?
A. Shill marketing
B. Mobile marketing
C. Organic marketing
D. Virtual marketing
92. An athletic facility purchases a sports equipment distributor's directory for direct advertising purposes. The purchased information is often called a(n) ___________ list.
A. internal-brokerage
B. compiled
C. house
D. mail-response
93. Which of the following is a type of sales promotion that provides customers with immediate rewards:
A. Product displays
B. Mail-in rebates
C. Loyalty programs
D. Price-off deals
94. All of the components of a well-designed print advertisement should present a
A. powerful opinion.
B. formal appearance.
C. humorous scenario.
D. unified message.
95. In determining its selling policies, a business would have little or no control over
A. corporate goals and objectives.
B. human and financial resources.
C. research and development.
D. customer wants and needs.
96. Which of the following is an example of unethical selling behavior that directly affects employee-to-employee relationships:
A. A salesperson does not want to lose a sale, so s/he withholds information from a prospect after being questioned about the product's performance.
B. A buyer awards a major contract to a construction company after the company's vice president gave the buyer Super Bowl tickets.
C. The sales staff's commissions are lower after a manager restructures the company's sales territories and sets high quotas.
D. To win a departmental sales contest, a salesperson claims to have processed a sales transaction before it has been formalized.
97. A consumer advantage of cooling-off laws is that it allows
A. buyers a limited amount of time to withdraw from a purchase agreement without penalty.
B. sellers an unlimited time frame to file a lawsuit if the buyers back out of the sales contract.
C. buyers to withdraw from the purchase agreement but must pay high fines to the sellers.
D. sellers to withdraw from the purchase agreement but must pay high fines to the government.
98. Manufacturers often provide special instructions on product labels that salespeople can use to
A. explain care techniques to customers.
B. show customers how to return products.
C. promote products to competitors.
D. develop visual merchandising displays.
99. When a customer asks how long a product will last, s/he is interested in its
A. durability.
B. uses.
C. origin.
D. features.
10. A plant manager or a department head would be an example of which level of management?
A. Middle
B. Operating
C. Top
D. Supervisory
01. A primary responsibility of administrative law is to
A. enforce agency regulations.
B. establish congressional/parliamentary committees.
C. interpret constitutional laws.
D. overturn lower courts' decisions.
02. What distribution method is best for a manufacturer to use when the product is complex and is difficult toinstall and repair?
A. Selective 
B. Intensive
C. Exclusive
D. Invasive
03. When a retailer follows up with a vendor to verify that an individual's order shipped on time, it is
A. facilitating customer service. 
B. evaluating sales quotas. 
C. requesting special attention.
D. negotiating shipping terms.
04. Kendra owns a small business that sells handmade quilts to residents and tourists in her community. What type of distribution channel being used?
A. Producer to retailer to consumer
B. Producer to wholesaler to consumer
C. Producer to agent to industrial distributor to user
D. Producer to industrial distributor to user
05. What form of technology allows channel members to track a product's movement through the supply chain in real time?
A. Supplier performance index (SPI)
B. Universal product code (UPC)
C. Radio frequency identification (RFID)
D. Global transit mapping system (GTMS)
06. A business should communicate inventory needs with its vendors before a planned sales promotion to ensure that the vendors
A. improve their products' quality. 
B. change their credit terms.
C. pay the necessary service fees.
D. have the products available to ship.
07. A producer can minimize channel conflict among its distributors and retailers by
A. establishing slotting fees for certain channels.
B. selling its items directly to the end users.
C. offering different products through each channel.
D. requesting that the channel members carry only its brand.
08. Which of the following statements contains the most relevant information to include in a business report about the specific market share of computer manufacturers during a particular time frame:
A. In 2009, Hewett Packard shipped more computers than Dell or Apple.
B. In 2009, Hewett Packard held 29.1 percent of the market share, followed by Dell, which held 21.9 percent.
C. Hewett Packard, Dell, Acer, Toshiba, and Apple sold more computers in 2009 than other computer manufacturers.
D. Apple Computers held the fifth highest share of the computer market in 2009.
09. Which of the following is an example of formal communication in the workplace:
A. Susan tells a coworker that she thinks her manager is going to be fired.
B. Tessa asks Ken for his opinion about an article that she has written.
C. Phil asks Mark if he has an extra product brochure that he can give to a customer.
D. Melinda meets with her manager to discuss a possible promotion.
10. Writing key points on notecards and then placing the cards in order of their importance is one way to
A. verify accuracy.
B. access files. 
C. revise facts.
D. organize information.
11. When developing an executive summary for a written report, the writer should include
A. all supporting evidence.
B. the most important points. 
C. technical jargon.
D. mostly background information.
12. Samantha manages the marketing department for a large company and has just hired a new employee to run the company's cooperative advertising program. The most appropriate way for Samantha to advise staff members that a new employee will be joining their team is by
A. writing a news article for the company's semi-annual newsletter.
B. making an announcement during the weekly departmental meeting.
C. posting a short message on her personal weblog.
D. sending a personalized text message to each employee in the department.
13. Rosa Sanchez is a Latin-American businessperson who is meeting with a potential client, Mr. Devonshire, who is from London, England. When Rosa leaned in to shake Mr. Devonshire's hand, he backed away. This is an example of a cultural issue related to
A. punctuality.
B. language variances. 
C. personal space preferences.
D. appearance.
14. Jordan takes time to follow up with his clients on a regular basis and lets them know about new product releases and updates. He makes sure that he answers his clients' questions and resolves their problems quickly. Jordan is carrying out activities that relate to
A. product/service management.
B. customer relationship management. 
C. human resource management.
D. business operations management.
15. An electronics company scaled back its production of camcorders during an economic recession when the demand for them decreased. In this situation, the company adapted to market changes by
A. improving the product's features.
B. managing its innovation processes.
C. monitoring consumer spending trends.
D. gathering information about its competitors.
16. Which of the following statements is true about a mixed economy:
A. Businesses are the primary economic decision makers, and the government controls the system.
B. Individuals are the primary economic decision makers, and businesses control and regulate the system.
C. Individuals and businesses are the primary economic decision makers, and the government helps regulate the system.
D. The government is the primary economic decision maker and also regulates individual and business behavior.
17. What type of tax is used to pay for national defense and interstate highways?
A. Unemployment
B. Sales 
C. Local property
D. Federal income
18. According to the law of diminishing returns, what aspect of production decreases when fixed resources have reached their maximum level of efficiency?
A. Lead time
B. Quality 
C. Outputs
D. Product usefulness
19. The exchange rate of a nation's currency is most likely to decrease when the nation
A. exports more than it imports. 
B. experiences political instability. 
C. carries a low level of debt.
D. limits the amount of money it prints.
20. Rick believes that employees who are close to retirement lack the basic computer skills that the company's young new hires have. Rick is stereotyping individuals on the basis of
A. gender. 
B. age. 
C. politics.
D. nationality.
21. Which of the following is a characteristic of individuals who have self-confidence:
A. Taking few risks because of a fear of doing something wrong
B. Realizing that mistakes are a part of personal growth
C. Exhibiting aggressive behavior when expressing opinions
D. Being overly concerned with what others think
22. When Kaitlin walked into the office conference room, she saw a coworker speaking on the telephone. To respect her coworker's privacy, Kaitlin should
A. cough loudly to let her coworker know that she is in the room.
B. stand quietly until her coworker notices her.
C. leave the room immediately and shut the door.
D. shut the door and wait quietly in the room until the phone call is over.
23. Rumors were flying at Bennett Corporation that the company was planning staff layoffs. Management did not address the issue with employees, so the work environment became tense and distrustful. This is an example of how grapevine communication can
A. prepare employees for changes. 
B. generate fear in the workplace.
C. enhance the company's image.
D. influence the company's policies.
24. After a few hours of working nonstop on a report to meet a deadline, Thomas starts to panic, wonders if he will be able to finish on time, and loses his focus. So, he decides to take a short break and go for a walk outside the office building. When he gets back to his desk, he is able to refocus and finish his report. Thomas's break helped to
A. set his goals. 
B. prioritize his work. 
C. improve his skills.
D. reduce his stress.
25. An advantage to forming collaborative partnerships with coworkers is that
A. decision making tends to take less time.
B. conflict among various departments usually decreases.
C. discussions usually stay focused and on topic.
D. different perspectives often facilitate creativity.
26. Which of the following is an example of legal tender issued by the federal government:
A. Municipal bonds 
B. Corporate bonds 
C. Mutual funds
D. Bank notes
27. Martin keeps money in a special savings account to cover his living expenses for three months in case he loses his job or gets sick and can't work. Martin has set up a(n)
A. emergency fund. 
B. education plan. 
C. retirement account.
D. insurance policy.
28. When Lara purchased a sweater priced at $35.00, the dollar amount of her purchase totaled $37.43. What type of tax did Lara pay?
A. Income 
B. Property 
C. Excise
D. Sales
29. When selecting a qualified financial planner, it is important to consider his/her
A. education and licensure. 
B. living expenses and personal goals. 
C. personal goals and education.
D. living expenses and licensure.
30. Accountants are legally required to follow established guidelines when preparing financial documents to ensure that the information presented is
A. transparent and subjective.
B. clear and consistent. 
C. subjective and consistent.
D. irrational and clear.
31. A business's finance function may be compromised by groupthink because the practice is likely to
A. provoke conflict because it encourages others to express their opinions.
B. pressure employees to conform under questionable circumstances.
C. hinder consensus building in favor of individuality.
D. take a lot of time to evaluate problems to make ethical business decisions.
32. William is a human-resources manager who networks on a professional web site with acquaintances and former business associates for the purpose of finding new employees for his company. William is using
A. a database for employee-performance reviews.
B. the company intranet for interviewing candidates.
C. an online networking method for recruitment purposes.
D. the company blog for hiring recent college graduates.
33. LMN Company is losing market share to the RST Corporation. LMN can quickly obtain useful information about the RST's product offerings by
A. analyzing economic reports.
B. visiting RST's web site. 
C. obtaining feedback from RST's employees.
D. evaluating industry standards.
34. FRUGGING is an activity that presents marketing researchers with legal issues because it
A. is a deceptive practice.
B. involves solicited selling. 
C. relates to identity theft.
D. affects antitrust laws.
35. A business introduces a new product to mid-sized cities in the southeastern section of the country. The business monitors the product's sales to determine if it should introduce the product nationwide. What marketing-research method is the business using?
A. Survey 
B. Observation 
C. Consumer panel
D. Test marketing
36. Which of the following is an example of an internal source of secondary marketing data:
A. Census reports 
B. Warranty agreements 
C. Consumer blogs
D. Business directories
37. What can a business do to determine why sales for its mid-priced product line have been steadily declining over the past year?
A. Increase advertising efforts to reinforce brand awareness
B. Conduct discovery-oriented marketing research
C. Determine ways in which the business can reach new markets
D. Monitor its customers' online shopping behavior
38. A company wants to collect information from various sources to determine if it should consider expanding to international markets. What research method should the company use, if it does not want to spend a lot of time or money to obtain the information?
A. Experimental
B. Causal 
C. Interview
D. Exploratory
39. Which of the following is true about a survey-sampling plan:
A. Is more reliable than observation 
B. Eliminates respondent bias 
C. Represents a larger group
D. Tends to have extremely low error rates
40. What type of survey rating scale involves assigning a value to each option within a set of circumstances provided on a questionnaire?
A. Constant sum
B. Likert 
C. Semantic differential
D. Frequency
41. A marketing research firm asks the participants of a study to record information for one month about the radio stations that they listen to. This is an example of acquiring marketing data from
A. production diaries.
B. commercial journals. 
C. media-use diaries.
D. attitude journals.
42. Businesses can determine their customers' ordering frequency by reviewing
A. income statements.
B. meta tags. 
C. stock plans.
D. invoices.
43. What is an indirect, mechanical-observation data-collection method that a business can use to obtain accurate information about the specific types of products that its customers are buying?
A. Point-of-sale scanners
B. Comment cards 
C. Manual equipment 
D. Sound-wave meters
44. Laura is responsible for coding the results of a marketing-research survey. While scanning the responses, the computer software flags a value that lies outside the range of possible answers. Laura will need to review the answer and determine how to best resolve the response error. What stage of the coding process is Laura performing?
A. Data entry
B. Editing answers 
C. Manual scanning
D. Data cleansing
45. What type of marketing-research error occurs when the researcher interviews unqualified people?
A. Respondent-selection 
B. Deliberate-falsification 
C. Respondent-inability
D. Data-analysis
46. What type of question should be avoided when designing a questionnaire?
A. Leading
B. Structured 
C. Unstructured
D. Qualitative
47. A business has very little information about the way its customers view its new product line. Which of the following is a marketing research method that will help the business acquire a variety of perspectives and opinions in a short period of time:
A. Environmental scan
B. In-depth personal interview 
C. Service evaluation form
D. Focus group
48. Which of the following is an example of a customer engaging in habitual buying behavior:
A. Porter conducts online research to evaluate several brands of computers and decides to purchase a Dell laptop.
B. Mike goes to three automobile dealerships and test drives different vehicles to determine the one he likes best.
C. Lynnette buys paper for her computer printer at the local office-supply store.
D. Gabriella tells her realtor that she wants to look at three-bedroom ranch homes on the northwest side of town.
49. Which of the following actions is most appropriate for a business to take when competitors introduce similar products to the marketplace:
A. Adjust its marketing strategies
B. Increase its prices to improve its image 
C. Reduce its advertising efforts
D. Focus on its working conditions
50. Which of the following are types of products for which producers are most likely to use mass marketing:
A. Textbooks, chewing gum, and farm equipment
B. Chewing gum, local tax services, and soda
C. Toothpaste, designer handbags, and textbooks
D. Soda, personal computers, and toothpaste 
51. While conducting a situation analysis, the CCB Company discovers that the government is planning to tighten industry regulations. As a result of the stricter regulations, the CCB Company will have to make costly operating improvements. This is an example of a(n)
A. internal threat.
B. external opportunity. 
C. internal opportunity.
D. external threat.
52. A business sends a survey to ask its customers about their buying intentions for the next year and will use the survey data to develop its annual sales forecast. What type of sales forecast is the business using?
A. Qualitative
B. Cooperative 
C. Exploratory
D. Predatory
53. While researching information for a business report, Tara reads the following statement in an online newspaper article: "Although unemployment has dropped slightly over the past few months, many politicians have indicated that they believe the government has done enough to get our country out of this recession." This is an example of information that contains
A. statistics.
B. historical facts. 
C. criticism.
D. poll data.
54. Lamar Enterprises is using a trademark that looks very similar to the Seward Company's trademark. To prevent Lamar from continuing to use the trademark, Seward can take legal action by
A. requiring Lamar to pay a licensing fee.
B. charging Lamar with obstruction of justice.
C. filing an infringement lawsuit against Lamar.
D. obtaining an arrest warrant.
55. What is an advantage to companies that use integrated software programs?
A. Integrated software reduces the need for firewalls.
B. The software does not require companies to purchase licenses for multiple users.
C. Users can combine information from different applications.
D. Users need to exit one application before they can access another application.
56. A business is mostly likely to review customer invoices from the previous year to
A. execute promotions.
B. evaluate ideas. 
C. forecast sales.
D. improve service.
57. All employees can help maintain a safe work environment by
A. replenishing supplies when they are needed.
B. performing their daily duties in a timely manner.
C. reporting noticeable hazards to management.
D. cleaning up toxic waste when they see it.
58. When Madeline saw that a customer had slipped an iPad in his backpack and began to walk toward the store's exit, she immediately notified the police officer who was guarding the door. What was Madeline doing?
A. Setting the alarm system
B. Following security procedures 
C. Accusing a witness of theft
D. Revealing confidential information
59. A project manager may schedule a meeting with his project team when closing the project to
A. determine project priorities and processes.
B. establish the project's long-term goals.
C. delegate the project's tasks to team members.
D. evaluate the project's successes and obstacles.
60. A purchasing manager is most likely to send a request for quotation (RFQ) to obtain bids from vendors when
A. the volume is low.
B. there are many qualified sellers. 
C. the company has a preferred supplier.
D. there is a short lead time.
61. What do lean operations involve?
A. Lowering productivity to maintain quality
B. Decreasing the need for skilled labor
C. Cutting costs to improve the business's image
D. Reducing waste throughout the entire supply chain
62. A company discovers a way to reduce the time it takes to produce a good. This is an example of __________ innovation.
A. position
B. product 
C. process
D. program
63. Jane wants to find out the estimated growth potential for marketing professionals over the next 10 years. Which of the following sources will provide Jane with the most relevant and up-to-date statistics:
A. Social media webinar
B. Career textbook 
C. News magazine
D. Government web site
64. What information should be included on a resume?
A. Personal goals, education, and references
B. Work experience, education, and personal interests
C. Contact information, political affiliation, and education
D. Education, work experience, and contact information
65. Ramona took some computer classes at the local community college to keep up with the technological changes in the workplace. As a result, Ramona was promoted to executive manager because she possessed the technical skills her employer needed for the position. The primary reason Ramona was promoted was due to her
A. willingness to learn.
B. seniority in the workplace. 
C. ability to delegate.
D. outgoing personality.
66. Which of the following are examples of customer-related services that a business might consider when setting a product's price:
A. Research, credit, and advertising 
B. Delivery, credit, and advertising 
C. Installation, advertising, and research
D. Credit, delivery, and installation
67. A retailer that overcharges customers for small items at the point of purchase may be engaging in the unethical practice of
A. price fixing.
B. predatory pricing. 
C. retail price maintenance.
D. scanner fraud.
68. Optimal pricing software takes which of the following into consideration when pricing a business's products:
A. Management methods
B. The income tax rate 
C. Consumer demand
D. Opportunity costs
69. During what phase of a product's life cycle is a business most likely to develop advertising campaigns to remind customers about the product or promote features added to the product?
A. Maturity
B. Decline 
C. Introduction
D. Obsolescence
70. What type of software program do businesses use to monitor and order the items they need for resale?
A. Project management
B. Production scheduling 
C. Inventory management
D. Asset depreciation
71. A hospital technician developed a system to stabilize small children when taking x-rays. The system improves the technician's ability to obtain clear x-rays more quickly because the patients cannot squirm or move around as much. The system includes visual entertainment for patients, which helps keep them calm and quiet. The system is now being used in hospitals worldwide. This is an example of a product opportunity that evolved from a
A. market change.
B. suggestion. 
C. problem.
D. trend.
72. As a result of increased interest in making health and fitness fun, businesses have developed many new goods and services, including interactive fitness video games and dance-based workout classes. This is an example of businesses developing new products in response to
A. a trend.
B. touch points. 
C. elasticity.
D. an opinion.
73. While facilitating a brainstorming session to generate product ideas, Gavin told Amy that her idea would be too expensive to implement. What did Gavin do wrong while facilitating the brainstorming session?
A. Asking for opinions
B. Ignoring a group member 
C. Evaluating the idea
D. Exceeding the time limit
74. The receptionist at a medical practice schedules patients' appointments for Dr. Langdon. Typically, Dr. Langdon needs 15 minutes for a sick-patient visit and 30 minutes for a well-patient's annual check-up. This is an example of a service standard related to
A. quality.
B. time. 
C. cost.
D. regulations.
75. What can a pharmaceutical manufacturer do to help ensure that its pain reliever and allergy medications are safe for consumer use?
A. Price the products competitively
B. Use protective packaging 
C. Include vague product labels
D. Display a disclaimer on the package
76. What is an advantage to businesses that use product-bundling strategies?
A. Businesses usually reduce their suggestion selling and advertising efforts.
B. It usually reduces the need for the business to follow up with customers.
C. Businesses tend to spend less time training their employees about the products.
D. It often reduces customers' comparison-shopping activities.
77. The following statement appears on a company's web site: "Unlike our competitors, Naturally Yours Cosmetics uses organically-grown ingredients in its facial scrubs and lotions." What strategy is the company using to position its line of skin-care items?
A. Unique attributes
B. Price 
C. Customization
D. Product reliability
78. McDonald's golden arches are an example of a brand
A. cue.
B. personality. 
C. preference.
D. value.
79. A company should consider the target market's needs and wants, when it
A. positions its corporate brand.
B. achieves its short-term goals. 
C. develops its personal budget.
D. prepares its weekly expense reports.
80. What element of the promotional mix is most appropriate to use for a complex or technical product that is difficult to explain?
A. Personal selling
B. Sales promotion 
C. Mass advertising
D. Solicited publicity
81. The Zip-N-Go Mobility Scooter Company recently launched an advertising campaign for its Model ZP2 scooter. One of the company's advertisements shows frail, feeble senior citizens riding the scooters at a rehabilitation center. What concept is the advertisement reinforcing?
A. Ethnic bias
B. Age stereotypes 
C. Cultural puffery
D. Social norms
82. The government requires a business to stop running an advertisement that consumers find offensive. What type of remedy is the government using to enforce promotional regulations?
A. Indictment
B. Affirmative disclosure 
C. Appropriation
D. Cease-and-desist order
83. The primary difference between amplified word-of-mouth marketing and organic word-of-mouth marketing is that
A. amplified is goods-oriented, and organic is service-oriented.
B. amplified is personal, and organic is nonpersonal.
C. amplified is planned, and organic is spontaneous.
D. amplified is passive, and organic is interactive.
84. Which of the following is an example of a business using direct marketing:
A. A restaurant placed an ad in a coupon booklet that is distributed to all residents and businesses located in the community.
B. A national sporting-goods store paid $3.5 million for advertising that appeared during a televised football game.
C. An online bookstore sent a personalized e-mail message that included a coupon to a customer.
D. An apparel retail chain developed a seasonal catalog and posted it on the company's website.
85. Which of the following are communication channels that businesses often use when engaging in the push promotion strategy:
A. Mass advertising and trade shows
B. Trade advertising and trade shows 
C. Trade advertising and pricing
D. Mass advertising and coupons
86. Elise is the public-relations director for Divine Frozen Yogurt and has assembled a packet that contains key information about the company. The packet contains a cover letter, an overview of the company, photos, recent press releases, published news articles, staff biographical information, and product brochures. Elise had developed a(n)
A. creative brief.
B. sponsorship program. 
C. media kit.
D. advertising profile.
87. A print advertisement's headline, graphics, signature, and copy should coordinate with one another so that the message
A. is clear.
B. conveys humor. 
C. provides entertainment.
D. creates uncertainty.
88. Which of the following are public-relations activities:
A. Identifying trends, writing press releases, and hiring new staff members
B. Holding press conferences, identifying trends, and hiring new staff members
C. Sponsoring events, developing new products, and distributing company newsletters
D. Writing press releases, distributing company newsletters, and sponsoring events
89. Which of the following is an activity that a firm's public-relations department would perform to influence legislation:
A. Conducting a public-relations audit
B. Moderating a political debate 
C. Lobbying government officials
D. Coordinating service projects
90. TechnoMedia is attending a regional trade show to introduce its new tablet computer. An effective way for the company to draw traffic to its exhibit booth is by
A. using interactive displays that allow attendees to try the tablet.
B. handing out trade-show programs at the facility's entrance.
C. placing a sign with the company's name and logo on the exhibit table.
D. requiring staff to wear name badges that have a picture of the tablet on them.
91. When deciding if it should participate in an industry trade show, a company should consider the number of potential contacts in relation to the company's
A. pricing strategies.
B. primary circulation. 
C. trade-in allowance.
D. exhibit costs.
92. The tactics and activities in a business's promotional plan should be based on the
A. business's promotional objectives.
B. promotional plan's executive summary. 
C. business's production needs.
D. channel members' preferences.
93. A business that provides excellent customer service is more likely to
A. obtain referrals.
B. expand its product line. 
C. have narrow profit margins.
D. provide rebates.
94. What terms-of-sale policy assures the buyer that the product will perform as expected for a certain amount of time or the seller will replace the product?
A. Guarantee
B. Adjustment 
C. Delivery
D. Installation
95. What activity might be viewed as unethical selling behavior?
A. Asking for sales leads
B. Giving gifts to customers 
C. Allowing customers to try a product
D. Holding sales events
96. Because Jasmine is an outside sales representative, she spends a lot of her time driving her car to call on her clients at their offices. What form of technology may help Jasmine avoid traffic jams and prevent her from getting lost?
A. Automated personal planner
B. Global positioning system 
C. Electronic data interchange
D. Business analysis software
97. A consumer advantage of cooling-off laws is that it allows
A. sellers an unlimited time frame to file a lawsuit if the buyers back out of the sales contract.
B. buyers a limited amount of time to withdraw from a purchase agreement without penalty.
C. buyers to withdraw from the purchase agreement but must pay high fines to the sellers.
D. sellers to withdraw from the purchase agreement but must pay high fines to the government.
98. What is the benefit to a customer of buying a self-cleaning oven?
A. Size
B. Appearance 
C. Durability
D. Convenience
99. A customer is most likely to raise objections during the selling process when the
A. product is expensive.
B. customer is impulsive.
C. salesperson is discovering the customer's needs.
D. salesperson reaffirms the buyer-seller relationship.
10. Patrick has taken his car to Parnell's auto repair shop for several years. He feels comfortable taking his car to Parnell's because the employees perform their work competently, and the business charges a reasonable fee for the work. In this situation, Patrick's buying motive is based on
A. culture.
B. testimonials. 
C. patronage.
D. status.
01. One business promising to do something for another business in return for receiving compensation is an example of a
A. contract.
B. benefit.
C. treaty.
D. enterprise.
02. When an agent legally acts in the best interests of his/her client, the agent is establishing a(n) __________ relationship.
A. authoritative
B. fiduciary
C. principal
D. legislative
03. What do business owners consider when they select a business ownership structure?
A. Product versatility, advertising strategies, and personal circumstances
B. Product versatility, financial needs, and advertising strategies
C. Personal circumstances, type of business, and product mix
D. Personal circumstances, financial needs, and the type of business
04. When businesses want to make their products available to customers but do not want to over-distribute their goods and services, they are seeking
A. exclusive marketing channels.
B. ideal market exposure.
C. direct distribution capabilities.
D. intense segment coverage.
05. Cindy's lemonade stand sells lemonade to customers. The route that the lemonade is taking from the producer to the final consumer is
A. roundabout.
B. indirect.
C. direct.
D. intermediary.
06. Which of the following often makes it difficult for small manufacturers that have limited budgets to receive an equal opportunity to distribute their new products:
A. Gray marketing
B. Slotting allowances
C. Channel strategies
D. Targeted advertising
07. A manufacturer that decides to sell directly to large retailers rather than through wholesalers might create __________ conflict within its distribution channel.
A. formal
B. horizontal
C. vertical
D. conventional
08. The office photocopier is jammed again! Fortunately, there is an instruction manual to guide you through the process of removing the jammed paper. What is the best way to use the manual to clear the photocopier?
A. Read the entire manual in sequential order and then perform all of the steps in reverse order to remove the jammed paper.
B. Read step one and then perform step one. Repeat this process in sequential order until all of the steps are completed and you have removed the paper.
C. Briefly skim the manual in reverse order and then follow the steps in sequential order to remove the jammed paper.
D. Perform the first step, and then verify that you have performed it correctly in the manual. Repeat this process in sequential order until all the steps are completed.
09. Asking questions is important because it
A. helps you become a passive participant in the conversation.
B. gives you a chance to voice your opinion.
C. can clear up misunderstandings.
D. helps your brain process speech more quickly.
10. Your supervisor has asked you to prepare a marketing status report for each of the company's six regional offices. The most appropriate way to organize the information is
A. by site location.
B. by sales function.
C. in chronological order.
D. in reverse sequence.
11. What does an enclosure notation at the bottom of a business letter signify?
A. Something is being sent with the letter.
B. Copies of the letter were sent to others.
C. The sender wishes a reply.
D. The sender prepared the letter.
12. An effective executive summary
A. is written for people who won't read the whole document.
B. includes every point from the business report.
C. uses technical terminology to show the writer's expertise.
D. features complex compound sentences.
13. A memo on the bulletin board from a supervisor to staff members is an example of __________ communication.
A. downward
B. formal
C. upward
D. horizontal
14. When the meeting leader asked the group participants if they had any suggestions for the new product catalog, Lily pulled out a list of notes that she had compiled and talked for the remaining 20 minutes of an hour-long meeting. In this situation, Lily
A. provided positive feedback.
B. monopolized the discussion.
C. followed parliamentary procedure.
D. expressed her opinions clearly.
15. Thomas does not know the answer to Mr. O'Malley's question about a complex product. Which of the following is the best way for Thomas to respond to Mr. O'Malley's inquiry:
A. "I'll need to read the product manual before I can answer your question, Mr. O'Malley. I'll get back to you next week."
B. "Let me give you the manufacturer's website address. The information is probably available on the product-specifications page."
C. "I'm not sure, Mr. O'Malley. My coworker, Reggie, knows a lot about this model. If you can wait a moment, I will have him speak with you."
D. "I don't know. We do have a customer who just purchased this model. I'll get Mrs. Thompson's telephone number for you."
16. Negative word-of-mouth advertising due to unresolved customer complaints can cost a business its
A. facilities.
B. employees.
C. reputation.
D. licenses.
17. How can a business build its customers' trust and communicate its commitment to ethical practices?
A. Develop liberal business policies
B. Publish its confidentiality statement
C. Hire employees who have a positive attitude
D. Post its earnings on its website
18. An example of a natural resource is
A. an electrician.
B. physical ability.
C. iron ore.
D. office equipment.
19. Marcy is ready to buy a new computer, and she has saved up enough money to buy the model she wants. Which of the following describes the quantity that Marcy is prepared to buy:
A. Supply
B. Elasticity
C. Demand
D. Market price
20. Businesses are being socially responsible to their customers when they
A. contribute to community causes.
B. provide safe working environments.
C. offer employees job training.
D. test the safety of their products.
21. One of the freedoms provided to individuals by the private enterprise system is the freedom to choose
A. which taxes they will pay.
B. how their employers pay them.
C. where they will work.
D. which laws they will obey.
22. Operating expenses are defined as the
A. start-up expenses of a business.
B. salaries paid to managers.
C. cost of goods sold.
D. costs of running a business.
23. How does increased business productivity benefit consumers?
A. More goods and services become available, so prices go down.
B. More goods and services become available, so prices go up.
C. Costs of labor and prices increase, so inflation goes up.
D. The gross domestic product goes down, so inflation goes up.
24. Long-term unemployment may affect an individual by
A. improving mental health.
B. eroding his/her skills.
C. increasing protectionism.
D. building savings.
25. During periods of economic expansion, businesses are likely to
A. increase their production.
B. reduce their profits.
C. stop hiring workers.
D. benefit from high interest rates.
26. Which of the following is a reason to avoid drawing distinctions between people:
A. Certain people don't deserve respect.
B. Discrimination is illegal.
C. Some people aren't "normal."
D. Everyone is unique.
27. People with a positive attitude are open-minded, which helps them to
A. develop patience.
B. remain cheerful.
C. learn new skills.
D. be intolerant.
28. Ideally, in business, feedback should be
A. all positive.
B. all negative.
C. positive and negative.
D. avoided if possible.
29. The main reason many individuals resist change is
A. decisiveness.
B. fear.
C. discipline.
D. self-confidence.
30. Molly offers to take her new coworker out to lunch. She remembers what it was like when she was a new employee two years ago, and she wants to help her new coworker feel comfortable and welcome. What trait is Molly showing towards her new coworker?
A. Tact
B. Empathy
C. Sympathy
D. Judgment
31. When Cynthia, a credit analyst with Houghton Software, heard rumors of a company layoff, she asked her manager Todd if the rumors were true and if her job was in jeopardy. Although Todd knew that some lay-offs were coming, he told Cynthia not to worry about things. The following week, Cynthia's job was eliminated. In this situation, ethical issues regarding company information occurred because
A. Todd misled Cynthia.
B. Cynthia asked irrelevant questions.
C. Todd was completely honest with Cynthia.
D. Cynthia started the rumors.
32. When trying to persuade others, it is often helpful to use stories and anecdotes because they
A. exaggerate the benefits.
B. make people feel comfortable.
C. add energy to your explanation.
D. reinforce your message.
33. "I can't agree to your terms until I discuss the situation with my manager." This is an example of the __________ negotiating strategy.
A. limited authority
B. good cop/bad cop
C. deadline-driven
D. bargaining
34. When Trish learned that her company was switching to a new computer-software program, she accepted the change and worked overtime to become familiar with the new program. Trish exhibited __________ behavior.
A. adaptable
B. stubborn
C. passive
D. irresponsible
35. Mike is thinking about expanding his manufacturing business internationally. Which of the following is a risk he might encounter:
A. Dealing with cultural and language barriers
B. Encountering new markets
C. Dealing with fewer government regulations
D. Saving money on taxes
36. About a week before her 16th birthday, Kimberly got a phone call from her grandparents. They explained that they wanted to give her $1,000 to put toward college expenses as a birthday present, but they weren't sure if she wanted the money now or in two years, when she would be starting college. Kimberly decided to get the $1,000 from her grandparents right away and put it into an interest-bearing savings account for two years. Kimberly based her decision on
A. the capital gains potential.
B. the concept of absolute advantage.
C. the time value of money.
D. foreign exchange rate.
37. When the Silvers purchased their new car, the dealership representative sold their contract to another company in exchange for cash. To what type of business would the dealership have sold the Silvers' contract?
A. Commercial bank
B. Savings and loan association
C. Finance company
D. Credit union
38. A good way to prioritize your financial goals is to
A. rank every goal in numerical order.
B. rank goals according to what needs to be done first.
C. assign each goal to a general category.
D. recognize that all the goals are equally important.
39. Caitlin has three credit cards. She receives her credit card statement for one of the cards and has to decide how to pay the $500 she spent with that card. To pay the least for use of the credit, she should pay with __________ and make the __________ payment.
A. cash; full
B. cash; minimum
C. another card; full
D. another card; minimum
40. Kendra 's financial goal is to build wealth over time by making diversified investments. Which of the following financial services providers is most likely to help Kendra achieve her goal:
A. Financial-auditing firm
B. Mortgage company
C. Investment bank
D. Asset-management firm
41. One of the basic risks in marketing is the possibility of __________ loss.
A. impersonal
B. political
C. financial
D. promotional
42. What technology is the most effective way to interview a job applicant who is located 1,500 miles away from the company's corporate office?
A. Text messaging
B. Videoconferencing
C. Web-based email
D. Intranet
43. To protect the integrity of the marketing information they gather, businesses should avoid
A. working with a publisher.
B. paying for the data.
C. surveying a lot of people.
D. manipulating the research.
44. What is the device that a business's employees use to obtain information about customers who access the business's website?
A. Bookmarks
B. Browsers
C. Spiders
D. Cookies
45. Which of the following is essential to all marketing research:
A. Secondary data
B. Primary data
C. Frequency
D. Accuracy
46. Which of the following is a true statement about marketing-research studies:
A. Lower level employees should not be involved in marketing-research studies.
B. Marketing-research studies should be conducted once per year.
C. Each marketing-research study is unique.
D. Marketing-research studies are difficult to conduct.
47. Which of the following is true about a survey-sampling plan:
A. Tends to have extremely low error rates
B. Eliminates respondent bias
C. Is more reliable than observation
D. Represents a larger group
48. Which of the following is an example of quantitative data:
A. "Tara is a great tutor."
B. Tara is one of the smartest kids in school.
C. I heard Tara is applying to Harvard!
D. Tara graduated first in her class.
49. What device helps to ensure that direct-observation research is collected in a neutral way?
A. Fax machine
B. Global-orientation system
C. Video camera
D. DVD player
50. Out of 25 survey respondents, 16 people rate a product's durability at five on a rating scale ranging from one to seven. What measure of central tendency does the number five represent?
A. Disbursement
B. Median
C. Mode
D. Deviation
51. Which of the following is an example of a response error:
A. Lydia provides her opinion about a new soft drink during a focus group.
B. Jack does not provide his telephone number when he fills out an online survey.
C. Rosanna checks two response options for one question on a paper questionnaire.
D. Jack pauses for a moment before he answers the interviewer's question.
52. Marketing has an effect on the quality of life and general living conditions of consumers, referred to as their
A. value system.
B. buying power.
C. buying habits.
D. standard of living.
53. Increasing membership by 25% during the next year might be one of the __________ of a health club.
A. principles
B. strategies
C. tactics
D. goals
54. Maria is developing her marketing plan for her small, but growing, business. She notes that one of the advantages of her company is that her staff is highly creative and flexible; however, a primary limitation that she faces is that she does not have sufficient financial resources to expand her product line. In which component of the marketing plan would Maria place this information?
A. Financial statement
B. Promotional plan
C. Marketing mix
D. SWOT analysis
55. Which of the following is one element of a situation analysis:
A. Marketing planning
B. Environmental scanning
C. Sales positioning
D. Organizational testing
56. One way for businesses to obtain needed information efficiently is to
A. read a book.
B. schedule an interview.
C. access a database.
D. contact a competitor.
57. Using a computer-generated slideshow to highlight product information would be most appropriate in which of the following business situations:
A. Union contract negotiations
B. Project-team status meeting
C. Employee performance review
D. Formal sales presentation
58. Information usually comes in either physical form or __________ form.
A. electronic
B. book
C. note card
D. verbal
59. After The IWP Company receives online orders from its customers, it quickly replies to all of its customers with the following email message: "Thank you for your order. It will be processed within the next 48 hours." The email function that generates these types of messages is called a(n)
A. instant message.
B. autoresponder.
C. mechanical reaction.
D. timed reply.
60. What type of software program do businesses use to create text documents?
A. Communications
B. Web-page editor
C. Word processing
D. Presentation
61. Why is it important for hospitality and tourism businesses to be aware of, and react to, trends and changes in the marketplace?
A. To identify resources
B. To increase advertising
C. To hire personnel
D. To remain competitive
62. Which of the following would be done first in an environmental scan:
A. Identifying and analyzing important trends and issues
B. Carrying out scanning activities
C. Selecting trends and issues to act on
D. Identifying participants and responsibilities
63. The difference between service providers' and manufacturers' operations activities is that service providers produce __________ outputs.
A. expensive
B. intangible
C. useful
D. tangible
64. What should an employee do when s/he accidentally spills coffee in the tile hallway?
A. Tell others about the spill
B. Wait for the floor to dry
C. Wipe it up immediately
D. Leave it for the cleaning crew
65. The most important reason why workplace accidents which do not result in injuries should be reported to supervisors is because
A. the next accident could result in an injury.
B. this is required by state law.
C. the report prevents future liability.
D. this is an OSHA requirement.
66. A business can protect its confidential computer information from unauthorized users by
A. developing Internet message boards.
B. encrypting computer files.
C. conducting annual virus scans.
D. classifying business data.
67. Which of the following is a purpose of the competitive bidding process:
A. To attract product champions
B. To increase competition for products
C. To obtain lower prices from bidders
D. To limit the number of vendors to pick from
68. Which of the following expenses should Charlene categorize as a fixed cost:
A. Cost of goods sold
B. Delivery charges
C. Rent
D. Commissions
69. Employees who never take company supplies or equipment, such as pens or tools, for their own use help the business to
A. control expenses.
B. increase profits.
C. control shoplifting.
D. reduce external theft.
70. Which of the following do businesses often expect employees to make on their own:
A. Operating plans
B. Policy changes
C. Routine decisions
D. Personnel choices
71. Beau is really stressed out because he agreed to take on three new clients that he really didn't have room for. Which time-management principle does he need to learn?
A. Divide large projects into smaller parts
B. Get enough sleep
C. Focus on goals, not on tasks
D. Don't bite off more than you can chew
72. What type of information is it acceptable to leave out of a job application?
A. Contact information
B. Educational background
C. Salary requirements
D. Professional experience
73. Why will it benefit you to learn as much as possible about a prospective employer before you go for a job interview?
A. It ensures that you'll be considered for the job.
B. It shows that you do a lot of reading.
C. It prepares you to ask good questions.
D. It gives you something to discuss during the interview.
74. Many businesspeople are required to take continuing education classes to
A. maintain their professional certifications.
B. improve their standard of living.
C. demonstrate their emotional intelligence.
D. supplement their existing income.
75. By reading trade journals, business professionals can learn about
A. internal policies.
B. corporate changes.
C. industry trends.
D. organizational sales performance.
76. What are salespeople expected to be able to do in order to sell goods and services to customers?
A. Control expenses
B. Arrange displays
C. Answer questions
D. Develop brochures
77. A retailer that overcharges customers for small items at the point of purchase may be engaging in the unethical practice of
A. retail price maintenance.
B. predatory pricing.
C. scanner fraud.
D. price fixing.
78. Computers have given marketers the ability to calculate pricing functions such as break-even points and elasticity of demand by using __________ programs.
A. presentation
B. word-processing
C. spreadsheet
D. communication
79. Which of the following is a decision a company might make during the decline stage of the product life cycle:
A. How to increase awareness of the product
B. Whether to change the product
C. How to fend off the competition
D. What production schedule to follow
80. As a result of ongoing product updates and changes, businesses must address ethical issues associated with
A. international markets.
B. planned obsolescence.
C. demographics.
D. taxation.
81. Real market opportunity occurs when
A. supply exceeds demand.
B. entrepreneurs brainstorm ideas.
C. an identified want exists.
D. a good or service can be produced efficiently.
82. Which of the following departments in many businesses is responsible for generating product ideas:
A. Sales and marketing
B. Information technology
C. Executive management
D. Research and development
83. How food products can be used generally is determined by their
A. traits.
B. grades.
C. labels.
D. brands.
84. What can a pharmaceutical manufacturer do to help ensure that its pain reliever and allergy medications are safe for consumer use?
A. Include vague product labels
B. Price the products competitively
C. Use protective packaging
D. Display a disclaimer on the package
85. The assortment of merchandise that a firm sells is called its product
A. demand.
B. mix.
C. depth.
D. classification.
86. Ensuring that customers have the correct perception of a product is one of the goals of product
A. development.
B. positioning.
C. management.
D. screening.
87. When a customer is willing to purchase only one specific brand, this is referred to as brand
A. strategy.
B. recognition.
C. preference.
D. insistence.
88. For most businesses, the ultimate goal of using promotion is to
A. control consumer demand.
B. introduce new products.
C. sell goods or services.
D. get people into the business.
89. Which of the following is a use of product promotion:
A. Informing customers about product features
B. Highlighting social or environmental issues
C. Recruiting new employees
D. Changing attitudes toward the company
90. One reason advertising prescription drugs online might be considered an ethical issue is because the advertisements might persuade customers to
A. use drugs they do not need.
B. obtain drugs from the manufacturer.
C. buy drugs they cannot afford.
D. order drugs that are inexpensive.
91. How has the Internet enhanced a business's ability to promote its products?
A. Consumers can access the business's website at any time.
B. The business is able to update online product information less frequently.
C. Consumers can choose to disregard or ignore online advertising.
D. The business is able to sell higher volumes of goods or services quickly.
92. An advantage of newspaper advertising over television and radio promotion is more
A. consumer interest in the ads.
B. effective use of color.
C. sensory appeal.
D. prestige from being local.
93. Why is it important to coordinate the elements in advertisements?
A. To strengthen the theme
B. To analyze the objective
C. To simplify the message
D. To locate the audience
94. The component of the promotional plan that determines the funds available for promotion is the promotional
A. budget.
B. method.
C. mix.
D. objectives.
95. Duane makes sure that as he is interacting with customers, he is also actively listening so that he can better respond to their questions and objections. Which characteristic of a successful salesperson does Duane display?
A. Persistence and patience
B. Ethics
C. Communication skills
D. Education and training
96. Which of the following is an example of how building a clientele benefits the business:
A. Increased selling costs
B. Increased sales volume
C. Increased knowledge
D. Personal satisfaction
97. Salespeople who withhold negative product information from customers might be guilty of
A. negligence.
B. exaggeration.
C. guessing.
D. reciprocity.
98. A pharmaceutical company fails to warn the public about the possible side effects associated with a new medication. This is an example of a business violating selling regulations through
A. exclusivity.
B. exaggeration.
C. branding.
D. misrepresentation.
99. What type of product information might a salesperson obtain from reading a business's promotional materials?
A. Aptitudes
B. Demographics
C. Objectives
D. Characteristics
100. A manager evaluates the production output of a department by checking it against the production goals for that time period. This is an example of the __________ function of management.
A. controlling
B. directing
C. organizing
D. planning
01. Brix Beauty Salon used a celebrity's name and photograph in a recent newspaper advertisement, even though the celebrity had not given Brix permission to use her name and likeness. What tort did Brix Beauty Salon commit?
A. Defamation
B. Wrongful interference
C. Appropriation
D. Conversion
02. Which of the following forms of ownership is a group of individuals organized by a charter that is granted by a state:
A. Corporation
B. Proprietorship
C. Partnership
D. Cooperative
03. Computer manufacturers sell their products through retailers, such as Best Buy. This is an example of the __________ function of marketing.
A. promotion
B. channel management
C. pricing
D. product/service management
04. Indirect channels of distribution are the only channels that involve
A. producers.
B. industrial consumers.
C. intermediaries.
D. ultimate consumers.
05. Packaging a product in a biodegradable or recyclable container is one way a channel member can participate in the ethical practice of
A. international marketing.
B. consumer protection.
C. social awareness.
D. green marketing.
06. One aspect of coordinating channel management with pricing activities involves
A. implementing accounting policies.
B. setting appropriate prices.
C. earning high profits.
D. developing product standards.
07. Why is it important to identify sources that provide relevant, valid written material?
A. To understand business communication
B. To compile a database
C. To read useful information
D. To prepare a routine message
08. Which of the following is a company resource that employees often analyze to ascertain policies and procedures:
A. Research documents
B. Sales reports
C. Promotional brochures
D. Training materials
09. Jacob was nervous about making his valedictorian speech, but when he stood up to walk to the podium, the audience cheered and gave him a standing ovation, which helped him relax and enjoy the moment. What was the audience doing?
A. Exhibiting unprofessional behavior
B. Mocking the speaker
C. Encouraging the speaker
D. Engaging in passive listening
10. A message which is as short and to the point as possible is referred to as
A. complete.
B. courteous.
C. correct.
D. concise.
11. Writing key points on notecards and then placing the cards in order of their importance is one way to
A. organize information.
B. access files.
C. revise facts.
D. verify accuracy.
12. Which of the following is an example of an effective subject line for a professional email:
A. New product information
B. Mtg. rescheduled for 3 p.m.
C. One more thing . . .
D. Can we talk for a minute?
13. When writing informational messages, business employees should explain the situation and include sufficient data for the recipient to be able to
A. make a decision.
B. read the message.
C. contact the business.
D. agree with the content.
14. Which of the following is an example of a simple written report that a business might prepare on a regular basis:
A. Results of a research study
B. Minutes of a staff meeting
C. Findings of a major investigation
D. Analysis of a publicity campaign
15. Which is the most effective way for an employee to communicate interest in providing good service to customers?
A. Informal product demonstration
B. Body language
C. Social status
D. Closing statements
16. A customer complains that an item purchased last week does not fit properly. The real reason for returning the item is that it is too expensive. This is an example of a __________ complaint.
A. service
B. sincere
C. hidden
D. business
17. Employees can reinforce their company's positive image by
A. developing a broad product/service mix.
B. delivering on the company's brand promise.
C. sharing its intellectual property with competitors.
D. advocating prestige pricing and price skimming.
18. A local hardware store purchased a large shipment of snow shovels in November in order to prepare for winter weather. The hardware store is helping to create __________ utility.
A. form
B. place
C. time
D. possession
19. A manufacturer wants to ensure that each product it makes meets certain standards so that customer complaints and product returns will be kept at minimal levels. Meeting this goal depends on the part of operations known as
A. inventory management.
B. strategic management.
C. purchasing.
D. quality control.
20. Which of the following factors has aided the most in creating a global business environment:
A. Technology
B. Government
C. Cultural changes
D. Exchange rates
21. Which of the following is a characteristic of private enterprise that enables consumers to buy quality products at fair prices:
A. Unlimited resources
B. Competition
C. Inflation
D. Profit motive
22. Which of the following is an example of a tax that government collects from some businesses:
A. Subsidy
B. Excise
C. Bond
D. Discount
23. Shelly is a union member who has been having problems with management. Shelly should report her problems to her union's
A. mediator.
B. president.
C. steward.
D. arbitrator.
24. Which of the following is a disadvantage of weak currency:
A. It reduces business profits.
B. It makes acquiring foreign companies more expensive.
C. It negatively affects the balance of trade.
D. It makes buying imports less expensive.
25. In some cultures, creating relationships during business negotiations is key; in other cultures, negotiators want a signed contract. This illustrates cultural differences in negotiating
A. styles.
B. attitudes.
C. schedules.
D. goals.
26. Why is it sometimes difficult to be honest about strengths?
A. No one likes to recognize strengths.
B. We don't want to brag.
C. Weaknesses are more significant than strengths.
D. Few people have strengths.
27. As a sales representative for a large distributor, you hear a lot of information from your clients about the competition. Which of the following characteristics would help you to demonstrate initiative in this situation:
A. Creativity and self-understanding
B. Patience and resourcefulness
C. Empathy and self-control
D. Alertness and assertiveness
28. The night clerk in a local motel often complains to the manager about having to assist his/her coworkers. This is an example of an employee having a(n) __________ attitude.
A. negative
B. productive
C. innovative
D. indifferent
29. Instead of going through Jeff's files, Amanda waits until Jeff returns from lunch to obtain a file that she needs to review. This is an example of one coworker ________ of another coworker.
A. respecting the privacy
B. violating the workspace
C. correcting the work
D. reinforcing the efforts
30. Behavior that is characterized by a willingness to ignore the rights of others and to exploit them in order to achieve personal goals is __________ behavior.
A. offensive
B. passive
C. assertive
D. aggressive
31. One of the reasons that teams are important to businesses is that they can increase
A. procrastination.
B. conflicts.
C. costs.
D. productivity.
32. Which of the following statements is true about consensus building:
A. The agreed upon option is not always each person's first choice.
B. In most cases, consensus allows for a minority to rule.
C. Each group member's opinion is less important than the leader's opinion.
D. Consensus can be reached without everyone's agreement.
33. What is true about personal vision?
A. Realistic visions are based on mission statements.
B. Good visions have permanent results.
C. Specific goals are necessary to determine your vision.
D. Achievable visions are time bound.
34. Being a good listener is an example of what type of behavior that builds positive working relationships?
A. Being cooperative
B. Carrying your own weight
C. Getting to know others on your work team
D. Having a good attitude
35. Every pay period, Amanda places $100 from her paycheck into a savings account that earns 4.5 percent interest. In this situation, money functions as a
A. store of value.
B. medium of exchange.
C. form of barter.
D. measure of income.
36. Which of the following statements about understanding your spending habits is true:
A. The first step in creating a financial plan
B. A key aspect in exceeding financial goals
C. A key aspect of opening a bank account
D. The last step in creating a financial plan
37. When Armand is comparing his checkbook balance with his bank statement, he must make sure that he has subtracted the ____________ from his checkbook.
A. accumulated interest
B. transaction fees
C. payroll deposits
D. check numbers
38. Which of the following is a type of financial-services provider:
A. Taxation department
B. Stock market
C. Commercial bank
D. Retirement community
39. A decrease in the availability of raw materials is an economic risk that may result in __________ for a business.
A. high interest rates
B. increased regulation
C. financial loss
D. lower turnover
40. What do all businesses need to be aware of with regard to the accounting process?
A. Legal considerations
B. Management styles
C. System specifications
D. Research techniques
41. Claudia is creating a balance sheet for her business. She lists the full value of all of her assets, even some office equipment she hasn't completely paid for. However, to find the true net worth of her business, Claudia must subtract the money she owes on the equipment, since the debt is considered a(n)
A. liability.
B. liquid asset.
C. accounts receivable.
D. dividend.
42. A business should strive to keep its cash conversion cycle as short as possible so it
A. can earn dividends.
B. has cash available to use.
C. can increase its profit margin.
D. has fewer liquid assets.
43. One reason why human resources management is important to the success of a business is because this process is responsible for
A. creating jobs for the company.
B. eliminating turnover.
C. staffing the business.
D. reducing compensation.
44. Which of the following is a way that marketers can use data to follow up on any problems or issues with a product:
A. Providing salespeople with additional training
B. Determining what new products to offer
C. Deciding what wholesalers to use for distribution
D. Budgeting for product development
45. Software that allows for real-time analysis of marketing information enables businesses to search many databases and identify
A. obscure relationships.
B. pricing strategies.
C. hidden objections.
D. distribution channels.
46. A business should decide at the beginning of a marketing-research project how much it can afford to spend in order to
A. tell the researcher when to stop the project.
B. narrow the focus of the research if necessary.
C. cut the project in half if that is all it can afford.
D. skip some of the research steps if it needs to save time.
47. A business conducts marketing research when it needs to solve a problem or when it wants to
A. identify a new market opportunity.
B. increase its sales staff.
C. coordinate activities.
D. analyze financing options.
48. Marketers may want to use research to study the economy, a factor that is subject to change. In this context, the economy can be described as a(n)
A. variable.
B. case study.
C. experiment.
D. hypothesis.
49. The purpose of semantic-differential rating scales is to measure
A. talent.
B. behavior.
C. personality.
D. attitude.
50. What data-collection method can be used to obtain product information during the point-of-purchase process?
A. Statistical survey
B. Photographic scanner
C. Email survey
D. Volume-tracking scanner
51. Which of the following is an example of range:
A. Consumers buy between four and eight widgets per week.
B. Consumers buy an average of six widgets per week.
C. Most consumers buy five widgets per week.
D. Half of all consumers buy more than four widgets per week.
52. Which of the following is a source of error in the research process:
A. Key summary
B. Interview location
C. Sample design
D. Project purpose
53. Which of the following is a possible weakness associated with a secondary-data source:
A. Internet accessibility
B. Recent industry approval
C. Reasonable purchase price
D. Inconsistent collection method
54. The marketing function that best enables a company to make informed decisions about what to sell is
A. promotion.
B. product/service management.
C. selling.
D. marketing-information management.
55. The owner of a business is meeting with the company's managers and supervisors to set objectives for the next year. This group is developing the company's
A. business goals.
B. channels of distribution.
C. market share.
D. promotional mix.
56. When a local athletic apparel store sells shoes, clothing, and accessories that are designed specifically for runners, it is using ____________ segmentation.
A. demographic
B. geographic
C. psychographic
D. rate of usage
57. To evaluate an Internet source, what aspect would you consider when assessing whether its information is clearly laid out so that it is easy to read?
A. Relevance
B. Presentation
C. Objectivity
D. Timeliness
58. What do businesses often develop to be able to store and analyze data for the purpose of making business decisions?
A. Management policies
B. Operating procedures
C. Survey methods
D. Information systems
59. Which of the following is available to all people around the world who have access to a computer that has connectivity:
A. Extranet
B. Intranet
C. Internet
D. Broadband
60. Many presentation software programs allow users to
A. copyright their graphics.
B. include voice narration.
C. calculate numerical data.
D. analyze organizational progress.
61. What is one reason that a local business would keep records of all its customer-sales transactions?
A. To cancel orders
B. To issue rebates
C. To handle returns
D. To budget expenses
62. Which of the following is an example of a current trend in business:
A. Protecting consumer privacy
B. Expanding economic growth
C. Developing market research
D. Promoting private enterprise
63. When conducting an environmental scan, which of the following is an economic factor that a business should consider:
A. Local demographics
B. Global trade regulations
C. Consumer spending habits
D. Restricted sales territories
64. A clothing manufacturer checks one pair of pants out of every shipment to ensure the quality of its product. This process is known as quality
A. inspection.
B. guarantee.
C. delivery.
D. assurance.
65. What should employees who are learning a new skill avoid doing?
A. Acting safely
B. Following rules
C. Taking shortcuts
D. Asking questions
66. An author's new book is an example of a
A. derivative project.
B. breakthrough project.
C. R&D project.
D. platform project.
67. Before identifying the right people to work on a project, it is important to
A. develop accurate job descriptions.
B. select necessary supplies.
C. ask organizations for contributions.
D. prepare construction specifications.
68. When managing a project, the first activity is for the project leader to
A. develop a schedule.
B. set goals.
C. negotiate terms.
D. monitor progress.
69. A reason that many companies update or alter existing products is to
A. be able to plan production quantities.
B. make them competitive with similar products.
C. create new products to put on the market.
D. use a familiar production process.
70. A focus on how things are done, rather than just outcomes, is known as
A. continual improvement.
B. lean production.
C. process orientation.
D. concurrent engineering.
71. When the LXT Audio-Book Company was founded 15 years ago, its target market was blind and visuallyimpaired individuals who enjoyed listening to nonfiction audio books. Recently, though, the company has begun marketing these same audio books as learning solutions for individuals with dyslexia and other learning disabilities. This is an example of __________ innovation.
A. paradigm
B. product
C. process
D. positioning
72. Which of the following is an example of gathering information before making a decision:
A. Watching movies
B. Writing letters
C. Reading novels
D. Asking questions
73. Employees who are unable to manage their time effectively often experience
A. decreased pressure.
B. increased stress.
C. increased self-esteem.
D. decreased tension.
74. What should you avoid doing when filling out an employment application?
A. Leaving blank spaces
B. Specifying certain jobs
C. Providing exact data
D. Signing your name
75. The basic purpose of writing a letter of application concerning a job opening is to
A. interest the employer in interviewing you.
B. describe your job skills in detail.
C. tell the employer how you found out about the job.
D. provide the employer with your complete work history.
76. The primary reason why many people engage in career-oriented networking activities is to
A. connect with others who might help them accomplish professional goals.
B. develop an extensive list of sales prospects and contacts.
C. obtain letters of recommendation from previous employers.
D. cultivate a wide circle of social and personal contacts.
77. A characteristic of effective prices is that they must be
A. high.
B. inflexible.
C. competitive.
D. low.
78. Which of the following pricing practices is illegal in some countries because it may drive a company's competitors' out of business:
A. Below-cost pricing
B. One-price policies
C. Price skimming
D. Markup pricing
79. One way that advances in technology are impacting the product/service management function is by making it possible for businesses to
A. improve existing products.
B. eliminate human errors.
C. simplify production systems.
D. control customer preferences.
80. Pick the best response: Where do product opportunities exist?
A. Anywhere that people have had their needs satisfied
B. Where people work
C. Where people participate in their hobbies
D. Anywhere there is an un- or under-met need
81. When using mind mapping to generate product ideas, you begin by writing down the main problem or
A. situational analysis.
B. supporting facts.
C. primary associations.
D. market opportunity.
82. True or False: Only express warranties hold up in court.
A. False; express warranties must be in writing.
B. True; implied warranties cannot be verified.
C. False; implied warranties are valid.
D. True; only written evidence can be submitted in court.
83. What strategy can make or break a business's product mix?
A. Positioning
B. Contracting
C. Altering
D. Expanding
84. Text that continues or clarifies the thought expressed in the print ad's headline is referred to as the
A. tag line.
B. subhead.
C. identification.
D. white space.
85. Why do companies use brands for their products?
A. To demonstrate creativity
B. To charge higher prices
C. To encourage materialism
D. To differentiate their products
86. Which of the following is an example of a purchase experience touchpoint:
A. Word-of-mouth
B. Direct sales
C. Customer satisfaction surveys
D. Warranty programs
87. Many of the town's residents have heard that this coming summer is predicted to be the hottest summer ever. As a result of hearing this, Tim, the owner of an appliance store, decided to do more advertising for air conditioners. Which of the following external factors has affected Tim and his business:
A. Cultural and social trends
B. Legal and political factors
C. Technology
D. Demand
88. The specific goal of product promotion is to
A. persuade consumers to buy a particular good or service.
B. inform consumers about the company.
C. show the company's commitment to technology or research.
D. change a particular attitude toward a firm or its products.
89. Which of the following is the most visible element of the promotional mix:
A. Personal selling
B. Sales promotion
C. Publicity
D. Advertising
90. What type of information are businesses that sponsor sales promotion sweepstakes and contests required to make available to the customers who participate in those promotions?
A. Odds of winning
B. Amount of rebate
C. Value of coupon
D. Samples of product
91. Governments that have passed do not call laws are restricting promotional activities related to
A. contests.
B. telemarketing.
C. Internet downloads.
D. direct mail.
92. A local, exclusive business is having a sale. Which of the following advertising media would be most effective in promoting the sale to the business's clientele:
A. Out-of-home
B. Broadcast
C. Magazine
D. Direct mail
93. What is the primary goal of viral marketing?
A. Managing
B. Staging
C. Sharing
D. Manipulating
94. What communication channels is a corporation's public-relations department most likely to use to maintain positive relationships with shareholders?
A. News conferences, consumer blogs, and employee manuals
B. Press releases, online social networks, and print advertisements
C. Newsletters, annual reports, and the company's website
D. Policy manuals, commercials, and sponsorships
95. Successful positioning appeals to customers'
A. emotions.
B. five senses.
C. desire to save money.
D. logic.
96. When salespeople demonstrate the features and benefits of goods or services, they often are able to
A. provide jobs for more employees.
B. add usefulness to products.
C. develop new and improved products.
D. create desire for products.
97. Why do businesses try to build a clientele?
A. Leads to repeat business
B. Gives the business a new image
C. Attracts well-to-do customers
D. Provides continuing sources of new workers
98. Which of the following is a reason why the ethical and legal issues involved in selling activities are extremely important:
A. Buyers avoid doing business with unethical salespeople.
B. Sellers must understand how to criticize competitors.
C. Sales staff must know when they can legally bend the truth.
D. Sales managers are not responsible for what the sales staff does.
99. What type of law prevents salespeople from one company from interfering with their competitions' activities?
A. Product safety
B. Unfair trade
C. Consumer credit
D. Warranty liability
10. A restaurant server might obtain valuable information about the taste of a new menu item by talking to
A. customers.
B. the cooks.
C. friends.
D. supplier
01. A primary responsibility of administrative law is to
A. enforce agency regulations.
B. establish congressional/parliamentary committees.
C. interpret constitutional laws.
D. overturn lower courts' decisions.
02. What distribution method is best for a manufacturer to use when the product is complex and is difficult to install and repair?
A. Selective
B. Intensive
C. Exclusive
D. Invasive
03. When a retailer follows up with a vendor to verify that an individual's order shipped on time, it is
A. facilitating customer service.
B. evaluating sales quotas.
C. requesting special attention.
D. negotiating shipping terms.
04. Kendra owns a small business that sells handmade quilts to residents and tourists in her community. What type of distribution channel being used?
A. Producer to retailer to consumer
B. Producer to wholesaler to consumer
C. Producer to agent to industrial distributor to user
D. Producer to industrial distributor to user
05. What form of technology allows channel members to track a product's movement through the supply chain in real time?
A. Supplier performance index (SPI)
B. Universal product code (UPC)
C. Radio frequency identification (RFID)
D. Global transit mapping system (GTMS)
06. A business should communicate inventory needs with its vendors before a planned sales promotion to ensure that the vendors
A. improve their products' quality.
B. pay the necessary service fees.
C. change their credit terms.
D. have the products available to ship.
07. A producer can minimize channel conflict among its distributors and retailers by
A. establishing slotting fees for certain channels.
B. selling its items directly to the end users.
C. offering different products through each channel.
D. requesting that the channel members carry only its brand.
08. Which of the following statements contains the most relevant information to include in a business report about the specific market share of computer manufacturers during a particular time frame:
A. In 2009, Hewett Packard shipped more computers than Dell or Apple.
B. In 2009, Hewett Packard held 29.1 percent of the market share, followed by Dell, which held 21.9 percent.
C. Hewett Packard, Dell, Acer, Toshiba, and Apple sold more computers in 2009 than other computer manufacturers.
D. Apple Computers held the fifth highest share of the computer market in 2009.
09. Which of the following is an example of formal communication in the workplace:
A. Susan tells a coworker that she thinks her manager is going to be fired.
B. Tessa asks Ken for his opinion about an article that she has written.
C. Phil asks Mark if he has an extra product brochure that he can give to a customer.
D. Melinda meets with her manager to discuss a possible promotion.
10. Writing key points on notecards and then placing the cards in order of their importance is one way to
A. verify accuracy.
B. access files.
C. revise facts.
D. organize information.
11. When developing an executive summary for a written report, the writer should include
A. all supporting evidence.
B. the most important points.
C. technical jargon.
D. mostly background information.
12. Samantha manages the marketing department for a large company and has just hired a new employee to run the company's cooperative advertising program. The most appropriate way for Samantha to advise staff members that a new employee will be joining their team is by
A. writing a news article for the company's semi-annual newsletter.
B. making an announcement during the weekly departmental meeting.
C. posting a short message on her personal weblog.
D. sending a personalized text message to each employee in the department.
13. Rosa Sanchez is a Latin-American businessperson who is meeting with a potential client, Mr. Devonshire, who is from London, England. When Rosa leaned in to shake Mr. Devonshire's hand, he backed away. This is an example of a cultural issue related to
A. punctuality.
B. language variances.
C. personal space preferences.
D. appearance.
14. Jordan takes time to follow up with his clients on a regular basis and lets them know about new product releases and updates. He makes sure that he answers his clients' questions and resolves their problems quickly. Jordan is carrying out activities that relate to
A. product/service management.
B. customer relationship management.
C. human resource management.
D. business operations management.
15. An electronics company scaled back its production of camcorders during an economic recession when the demand for them decreased. In this situation, the company adapted to market changes by
A. improving the product's features.
B. managing its innovation processes.
C. monitoring consumer spending trends.
D. gathering information about its competitors.
16. Which of the following statements is true about a mixed economy:
A. Businesses are the primary economic decision makers, and the government controls the system.
B. Individuals are the primary economic decision makers, and businesses control and regulate the system.
C. Individuals and businesses are the primary economic decision makers, and the government helps regulate the system.
D. The government is the primary economic decision maker and also regulates individual and business behavior.
17. What type of tax is used to pay for national defense and interstate highways?
A. Unemployment
B. Sales
C. Local property
D. Federal income
18. According to the law of diminishing returns, what aspect of production decreases when fixed resources have reached their maximum level of efficiency?
A. Lead time
B. Quality
C. Outputs
D. Product usefulness
19. The exchange rate of a nation's currency is most likely to decrease when the nation
A. exports more than it imports.
B. experiences political instability.
C. carries a low level of debt.
D. limits the amount of money it prints.
20. Rick believes that employees who are close to retirement lack the basic computer skills that the company's young new hires have. Rick is stereotyping individuals on the basis of
A. gender.
B. age.
C. politics.
D. nationality.
21. Which of the following is a characteristic of individuals who have self-confidence:
A. Taking few risks because of a fear of doing something wrong
B. Realizing that mistakes are a part of personal growth
C. Exhibiting aggressive behavior when expressing opinions
D. Being overly concerned with what others think
22. When Kaitlin walked into the office conference room, she saw a coworker speaking on the telephone. To respect her coworker's privacy, Kaitlin should
A. cough loudly to let her coworker know that she is in the room.
B. stand quietly until her coworker notices her.
C. leave the room immediately and shut the door.
D. shut the door and wait quietly in the room until the phone call is over.
23. Rumors were flying at Bennett Corporation that the company was planning staff layoffs. Management did not address the issue with employees, so the work environment became tense and distrustful. This is an example of how grapevine communication can
A. prepare employees for changes.
B. generate fear in the workplace.
C. enhance the company's image.
D. influence the company's policies.
24. After a few hours of working nonstop on a report to meet a deadline, Thomas starts to panic, wonders if he will be able to finish on time, and loses his focus. So, he decides to take a short break and go for a walk outside the office building. When he gets back to his desk, he is able to refocus and finish his report. Thomas's break helped to
A. set his goals.
B. prioritize his work.
C. improve his skills.
D. reduce his stress.
25. An advantage to forming collaborative partnerships with coworkers is that
A. decision making tends to take less time.
B. conflict among various departments usually decreases.
C. discussions usually stay focused and on topic.
D. different perspectives often facilitate creativity.
26. Which of the following is an example of legal tender issued by the federal government:
A. Municipal bonds
B. Corporate bonds
C. Mutual funds
D. Bank notes
27. Martin keeps money in a special savings account to cover his living expenses for three months in case he loses his job or gets sick and can't work. Martin has set up a(n)
A. emergency fund.
B. education plan.
C. retirement account.
D. insurance policy.
28. When Lara purchased a sweater priced at $35.00, the dollar amount of her purchase totaled $37.43. What type of tax did Lara pay?
A. Income
B. Property
C. Excise
D. Sales
29. When selecting a qualified financial planner, it is important to consider his/her
A. education and licensure.
B. living expenses and personal goals.
C. personal goals and education.
D. living expenses and licensure.
30. Accountants are legally required to follow established guidelines when preparing financial documents to ensure that the information presented is
A. transparent and subjective.
B. clear and consistent.
C. subjective and consistent.
D. irrational and clear.
31. A business's finance function may be compromised by groupthink because the practice is likely to
A. provoke conflict because it encourages others to express their opinions.
B. pressure employees to conform under questionable circumstances.
C. hinder consensus building in favor of individuality.
D. take a lot of time to evaluate problems to make ethical business decisions.
32. William is a human-resources manager who networks on a professional web site with acquaintances and former business associates for the purpose of finding new employees for his company. William is using
A. a database for employee-performance reviews.
B. the company intranet for interviewing candidates.
C. an online networking method for recruitment purposes.
D. the company blog for hiring recent college graduates.
33. LMN Company is losing market share to the RST Corporation. LMN can quickly obtain useful information about the RST's product offerings by
A. analyzing economic reports.
B. visiting RST's web site.
C. obtaining feedback from RST's employees.
D. evaluating industry standards.
34. FRUGGING is an activity that presents marketing researchers with legal issues because it
A. is a deceptive practice.
B. involves solicited selling.
C. relates to identity theft.
D. affects antitrust laws.
35. A business introduces a new product to mid-sized cities in the southeastern section of the country. The business monitors the product's sales to determine if it should introduce the product nationwide. What marketing-research method is the business using?
A. Survey
B. Observation
C. Consumer panel
D. Test marketing
36. Which of the following is an example of an internal source of secondary marketing data:
A. Census reports
B. Warranty agreements
C. Consumer blogs
D. Business directories
37. What can a business do to determine why sales for its mid-priced product line have been steadily declining over the past year?
A. Increase advertising efforts to reinforce brand awareness
B. Conduct discovery-oriented marketing research
C. Determine ways in which the business can reach new markets
D. Monitor its customers' online shopping behavior
38. A company wants to collect information from various sources to determine if it should consider expanding to international markets. What research method should the company use, if it does not want to spend a lot of time or money to obtain the information?
A. Experimental
B. Causal
C. Interview
D. Exploratory
39. Which of the following is true about a survey-sampling plan:
A. Is more reliable than observation
B. Eliminates respondent bias
C. Represents a larger group
D. Tends to have extremely low error rates
40. What type of survey rating scale involves assigning a value to each option within a set of circumstances provided on a questionnaire?
A. Constant sum
B. Likert
C. Semantic differential
D. Frequency
41. A marketing research firm asks the participants of a study to record information for one month about the radio stations that they listen to. This is an example of acquiring marketing data from
A. production diaries.
B. commercial journals.
C. media-use diaries.
D. attitude journals.
42. Businesses can determine their customers' ordering frequency by reviewing
A. income statements.
B. meta tags.
C. stock plans.
D. invoices.
43. What is an indirect, mechanical-observation data-collection method that a business can use to obtain accurate information about the specific types of products that its customers are buying?
A. Point-of-sale scanners
B. Comment cards
C. Manual equipment
D. Sound-wave meters
44. Laura is responsible for coding the results of a marketing-research survey. While scanning the responses, the computer software flags a value that lies outside the range of possible answers. Laura will need to review the answer and determine how to best resolve the response error. What stage of the coding process is Laura performing?
A. Data entry
B. Editing answers
C. Manual scanning
D. Data cleansing
45. What type of marketing-research error occurs when the researcher interviews unqualified people?
A. Respondent-selection
B. Deliberate-falsification
C. Respondent-inability
D. Data-analysis
46. What type of question should be avoided when designing a questionnaire?
A. Leading
B. Structured
C. Unstructured
D. Qualitative
47. A business has very little information about the way its customers view its new product line. Which of the following is a marketing research method that will help the business acquire a variety of perspectives and opinions in a short period of time:
A. Environmental scan
B. In-depth personal interview
C. Service evaluation form
D. Focus group
48. Which of the following is an example of a customer engaging in habitual buying behavior:
A. Porter conducts online research to evaluate several brands of computers and decides to purchase a Dell laptop.
B. Mike goes to three automobile dealerships and test drives different vehicles to determine the one he likes best.
C. Lynnette buys paper for her computer printer at the local office-supply store.
D. Gabriella tells her realtor that she wants to look at three-bedroom ranch homes on the northwest side of town.
49. Which of the following actions is most appropriate for a business to take when competitors introduce similar products to the marketplace:
A. Adjust its marketing strategies
B. Increase its prices to improve its image
C. Reduce its advertising efforts
D. Focus on its working conditions
50. Which of the following are types of products for which producers are most likely to use mass marketing:
A. Textbooks, chewing gum, and farm equipment
B. Chewing gum, local tax services, and soda
C. Toothpaste, designer handbags, and textbooks
D. Soda, personal computers, and toothpaste
51. While conducting a situation analysis, the CCB Company discovers that the government is planning to tighten industry regulations. As a result of the stricter regulations, the CCB Company will have to make costly operating improvements. This is an example of a(n)
A. internal threat.
B. external opportunity.
C. internal opportunity.
D. external threat.
52. A business sends a survey to ask its customers about their buying intentions for the next year and will use the survey data to develop its annual sales forecast. What type of sales forecast is the business using?
A. Qualitative
B. Cooperative
C. Exploratory
D. Predatory
53. While researching information for a business report, Tara reads the following statement in an online newspaper article: "Although unemployment has dropped slightly over the past few months, many politicians have indicated that they believe the government has done enough to get our country out of this recession." This is an example of information that contains
A. statistics.
B. historical facts.
C. criticism.
D. poll data.
54. Lamar Enterprises is using a trademark that looks very similar to the Seward Company's trademark. To prevent Lamar from continuing to use the trademark, Seward can take legal action by
A. requiring Lamar to pay a licensing fee.
B. charging Lamar with obstruction of justice.
C. filing an infringement lawsuit against Lamar.
D. obtaining an arrest warrant.
55. What is an advantage to companies that use integrated software programs?
A. Integrated software reduces the need for firewalls.
B. The software does not require companies to purchase licenses for multiple users.
C. Users can combine information from different applications.
D. Users need to exit one application before they can access another application.
56. A business is mostly likely to review customer invoices from the previous year to
A. execute promotions.
B. evaluate ideas.
C. forecast sales.
D. improve service.
57. All employees can help maintain a safe work environment by
A. replenishing supplies when they are needed.
B. performing their daily duties in a timely manner.
C. reporting noticeable hazards to management.
D. cleaning up toxic waste when they see it.
58. When Madeline saw that a customer had slipped an iPad in his backpack and began to walk toward the store's exit, she immediately notified the police officer who was guarding the door. What was Madeline doing?
A. Setting the alarm system
B. Following security procedures
C. Accusing a witness of theft
D. Revealing confidential information
59. A project manager may schedule a meeting with his project team when closing the project to
A. determine project priorities and processes.
B. establish the project's long-term goals.
C. delegate the project's tasks to team members.
D. evaluate the project's successes and obstacles.
60. A purchasing manager is most likely to send a request for quotation (RFQ) to obtain bids from vendors when
A. the volume is low.
B. there are many qualified sellers.
C. the company has a preferred supplier.
D. there is a short lead time.
61. What do lean operations involve?
A. Lowering productivity to maintain quality
B. Decreasing the need for skilled labor
C. Cutting costs to improve the business's image
D. Reducing waste throughout the entire supply chain
62. A company discovers a way to reduce the time it takes to produce a good. This is an example of __________ innovation.
A. position
B. product
C. process
D. program
63. Jane wants to find out the estimated growth potential for marketing professionals over the next 10 years. Which of the following sources will provide Jane with the most relevant and up-to-date statistics:
A. Social media webinar
B. Career textbook
C. News magazine
D. Government web site
64. What information should be included on a rsum?
A. Personal goals, education, and references
B. Work experience, education, and personal interests
C. Contact information, political affiliation, and education
D. Education, work experience, and contact information
65. Ramona took some computer classes at the local community college to keep up with the technological changes in the workplace. As a result, Ramona was promoted to executive manager because she possessed the technical skills her employer needed for the position. The primary reason Ramona was promoted was due to her
A. willingness to learn.
B. seniority in the workplace.
C. ability to delegate.
D. outgoing personality.
66. Which of the following are examples of customer-related services that a business might consider when setting a product's price:
A. Research, credit, and advertising
B. Delivery, credit, and advertising
C. Installation, advertising, and research
D. Credit, delivery, and installation
67. A retailer that overcharges customers for small items at the point of purchase may be engaging in the unethical practice of
A. price fixing.
B. predatory pricing.
C. retail price maintenance.
D. scanner fraud.
68. Optimal pricing software takes which of the following into consideration when pricing a business's products:
A. Management methods
B. The income tax rate
C. Consumer demand
D. Opportunity costs
69. During what phase of a product's life cycle is a business most likely to develop advertising campaigns to remind customers about the product or promote features added to the product?
A. Maturity
B. Decline
C. Introduction
D. Obsolescence
70. What type of software program do businesses use to monitor and order the items they need for resale?
A. Project management
B. Production scheduling
C. Inventory management
D. Asset depreciation
71. A hospital technician developed a system to stabilize small children when taking x-rays. The system improves the technician's ability to obtain clear x-rays more quickly because the patients cannot squirm or move around as much. The system includes visual entertainment for patients, which helps keep them calm and quiet. The system is now being used in hospitals worldwide. This is an example of a product opportunity that evolved from a
A. market change.
B. suggestion.
C. problem.
D. trend.
72. As a result of increased interest in making health and fitness fun, businesses have developed many new goods and services, including interactive fitness video games and dance-based workout classes. This is an example of businesses developing new products in response to
A. a trend.
B. touch points.
C. elasticity.
D. an opinion.
73. While facilitating a brainstorming session to generate product ideas, Gavin told Amy that her idea would be too expensive to implement. What did Gavin do wrong while facilitating the brainstorming session?
A. Asking for opinions
B. Ignoring a group member
C. Evaluating the idea
D. Exceeding the time limit
74. The receptionist at a medical practice schedules patients' appointments for Dr. Langdon. Typically, Dr. Langdon needs 15 minutes for a sick-patient visit and 30 minutes for a well-patient's annual check-up. This is an example of a service standard related to
A. quality.
B. time.
C. cost.
D. regulations.
75. What can a pharmaceutical manufacturer do to help ensure that its pain reliever and allergy medications are safe for consumer use?
A. Price the products competitively
B. Use protective packaging
C. Include vague product labels
D. Display a disclaimer on the package
76. What is an advantage to businesses that use product-bundling strategies?
A. Businesses usually reduce their suggestion selling and advertising efforts.
B. It usually reduces the need for the business to follow up with customers.
C. Businesses tend to spend less time training their employees about the products.
D. It often reduces customers' comparison-shopping activities.
77. The following statement appears on a company's web site: "Unlike our competitors, Naturally Yours Cosmetics uses organically-grown ingredients in its facial scrubs and lotions." What strategy is the company using to position its line of skin-care items?
A. Unique attributes
B. Price
C. Customization
D. Product reliability
78. McDonald's golden arches are an example of a brand
A. cue.
B. personality.
C. preference.
D. value.
79. A company should consider the target market's needs and wants, when it
A. positions its corporate brand.
B. achieves its short-term goals.
C. develops its personal budget.
D. prepares its weekly expense reports.
80. What element of the promotional mix is most appropriate to use for a complex or technical product that is difficult to explain?
A. Personal selling
B. Sales promotion
C. Mass advertising
D. Solicited publicity
81. The Zip-N-Go Mobility Scooter Company recently launched an advertising campaign for its Model ZP2 scooter. One of the company's advertisements shows frail, feeble senior citizens riding the scooters at a rehabilitation center. What concept is the advertisement reinforcing?
A. Ethnic bias
B. Age stereotypes
C. Cultural puffery
D. Social norms
82. The government requires a business to stop running an advertisement that consumers find offensive. What type of remedy is the government using to enforce promotional regulations?
A. Indictment
B. Affirmative disclosure
C. Appropriation
D. Cease-and-desist order
83. The primary difference between amplified word-of-mouth marketing and organic word-of-mouth marketing is that
A. amplified is goods-oriented, and organic is service-oriented.
B. amplified is personal, and organic is nonpersonal.
C. amplified is planned, and organic is spontaneous.
D. amplified is passive, and organic is interactive.
84. Which of the following is an example of a business using direct marketing:
A. A restaurant placed an ad in a coupon booklet that is distributed to all residents and businesses located in the community.
B. A national sporting-goods store paid $3.5 million for advertising that appeared during a televised football game.
C. An online bookstore sent a personalized e-mail message that included a coupon to a customer.
D. An apparel retail chain developed a seasonal catalog and posted it on the company's website.
85. Which of the following are communication channels that businesses often use when engaging in the push promotion strategy:
A. Mass advertising and trade shows
B. Trade advertising and trade shows
C. Trade advertising and pricing
D. Mass advertising and coupons
86. Elise is the public-relations director for Divine Frozen Yogurt and has assembled a packet that contains key information about the company. The packet contains a cover letter, an overview of the company, photos, recent press releases, published news articles, staff biographical information, and product brochures. Elise had developed a(n)
A. creative brief.
B. sponsorship program.
C. media kit.
D. advertising profile.
87. A print advertisement's headline, graphics, signature, and copy should coordinate with one another so that the message
A. is clear.
B. conveys humor.
C. provides entertainment.
D. creates uncertainty.
88. Which of the following are public-relations activities:
A. Identifying trends, writing press releases, and hiring new staff members
B. Holding press conferences, identifying trends, and hiring new staff members
C. Sponsoring events, developing new products, and distributing company newsletters
D. Writing press releases, distributing company newsletters, and sponsoring events
89. Which of the following is an activity that a firm's public-relations department would perform to influence legislation:
A. Conducting a public-relations audit
B. Moderating a political debate
C. Lobbying government officials
D. Coordinating service projects
90. TechnoMedia is attending a regional trade show to introduce its new tablet computer. An effective way for the company to draw traffic to its exhibit booth is by
A. using interactive displays that allow attendees to try the tablet.
B. handing out trade-show programs at the facility's entrance.
C. placing a sign with the company's name and logo on the exhibit table.
D. requiring staff to wear name badges that have a picture of the tablet on them.
91. When deciding if it should participate in an industry trade show, a company should consider the number of potential contacts in relation to the company's
A. pricing strategies.
B. primary circulation.
C. trade-in allowance.
D. exhibit costs.
92. The tactics and activities in a business's promotional plan should be based on the
A. business's promotional objectives.
B. promotional plan's executive summary.
C. business's production needs.
D. channel members' preferences.
93. A business that provides excellent customer service is more likely to
A. obtain referrals.
B. expand its product line.
C. have narrow profit margins.
D. provide rebates.
94. What terms-of-sale policy assures the buyer that the product will perform as expected for a certain amount of time or the seller will replace the product?
A. Guarantee
B. Adjustment
C. Delivery
D. Installation
95. What activity might be viewed as unethical selling behavior?
A. Asking for sales leads
B. Giving gifts to customers
C. Allowing customers to try a product
D. Holding sales events
96. Because Jasmine is an outside sales representative, she spends a lot of her time driving her car to call on her clients at their offices. What form of technology may help Jasmine avoid traffic jams and prevent her from getting lost?
A. Automated personal planner
B. Global positioning system
C. Electronic data interchange
D. Business analysis software
97. A consumer advantage of cooling-off laws is that it allows
A. sellers an unlimited time frame to file a lawsuit if the buyers back out of the sales contract.
B. buyers a limited amount of time to withdraw from a purchase agreement without penalty.
C. buyers to withdraw from the purchase agreement but must pay high fines to the sellers.
D. sellers to withdraw from the purchase agreement but must pay high fines to the government.
98. What is the benefit to a customer of buying a self-cleaning oven?
A. Size
B. Appearance
C. Durability
D. Convenience
99. A customer is most likely to raise objections during the selling process when the
A. product is expensive.
B. customer is impulsive.
C. salesperson is discovering the customer's needs.
D. salesperson reaffirms the buyer-seller relationship.
100. Patrick has taken his car to Parnell's auto repair shop for several years. He feels comfortable taking his car to Parnell's because the employees perform their work competently, and the business charges a reasonable fee for the work. In this situation, Patrick's buying motive is based on
A. culture.
B. testimonials.
C. patronage.
D. status.
01. An employer may be liable for an employee's tort when the employee's actions occur
A. under emotional stress.
B. within the scope of his/her employment.
C. within normal operating hours.
D. without the employer's knowledge.
02. Which of the following statements is true about express contracts:
A. They are enforceable when one party is underage.
B. They are stated orally or in writing.
C. They are usually unilateral agreements.
D. They are enforceable if the promises are illegal.
03. Which of the following is an aspect of channel management that impacts customer service?
A. Advertising
B. Taxes
C. Protectionism
D. Timeliness
04. Since most large, industrial goods require installation, the channel of distribution most commonly used by their producers is
A. producer to industrial distributor to user.
B. producer to agent to retailer.
C. producer to agent to industrial user.
D. producer to industrial user.
05. What type of law is violated when a supplier requires intermediaries to enter into tying agreements?
A. Zoning
B. Probate
C. Antitrust
D. Infringement
06. Because of their strategic significance in providing place utility, it is usually easier to change price or promotional efforts than to change
A. distribution channels.
B. target markets.
C. market strategies.
D. packaging.
07. Which of the following is a barrier to effective listening:
A. Concentration
B. Empathy
C. Distractions
D. Open-mindedness
08. One of the disadvantages of using nonverbal communication is that it
A. is not a common form of communication.
B. may not be interpreted accurately.
C. is not considered courteous.
D. may not be noticed by the listener.
09. What communication style is most appropriate to use when you are providing a friend with personal advice?
A. Judgmental
B. Formal
C. Empathic
D. Businesslike
10. Business employees who participate in group discussions should present their ideas and opinions in a(n)
A. argumentative way.
B. written format.
C. assertive manner.
D. nonverbal style.
11. Which of the following are elements that appear in the heading of a memorandum:
A. Company, to, subject, and date
B. To, title, from, and date
C. Date, title, to, and company
D. To, from, date, and subject
12. Before sending a professional e-mail message to a business associate, a businessperson should
A. code the message's importance as "high priority."
B. proofread the message for spelling and grammatical errors.
C. make sure that the message is typed in capital letters.
D. insert a vague statement in the message subject line.
13. Which of the following is a type of simple written report that usually is distributed to employees within a business:
A. Proposal
B. Memorandum
C. Handbook
D. Newsletter
14. Which of the following is a guideline for employees to use in communicating with coworkers:
A. Be sure to share rumors and gossip with their coworkers
B. Feel free to express their complaints about their jobs
C. Think about what they want to say before they say it
D. Use a direct approach in speaking to an angry coworker
15. What might result if a business fails to maintain positive customer/client relations?
A. Decrease in sales
B. Reduction in assets
C. Loss of advertisers
D. Lowering of goals
16. Employees who are unable to respond to questions about the company's goods or services can affect the customer's
A. image of the business.
B. purchasing ability.
C. sourcing strategy.
D. price fixing.
17. Which of the following is no longer the determining factor in customers' buying decisions for many products:
A. Quality
B. Return policies
C. Price
D. Customer service
18. Which of the following is one of the deciding factors in determining whether an item is a consumer or industrial good:
A. Price of the purchase
B. How the purchase is made
C. Who makes the purchase
D. When the purchase is made
19. Businesses are affected by social factors in the external environment because
A. every business creates consumer products.
B. customer needs are affected by these factors as well.
C. a business cannot survive without social networking.
D. customers no longer value quality.
20. Which of the following provides government protection of business property:
A. Revenues
B. Consumer-protection laws
C. Economic incentives
D. Patents
21. What is a method that managers can use to motivate employees?
A. Offering performance-based financial rewards
B. Encouraging employees to specialize
C. Investing in new technology
D. Sharing customer information with employees
22. What is the term for higher levels of output resulting from putting more workers on the job?
A. Return on revenue
B. Increasing returns
C. Return on input
D. Marginal returns
23. Susan's father receives veterans' benefits, and her grandmother gets Social Security. Are these payments counted in GDP?
A. No, these are transfer payments.
B. Yes, these are government purchases.
C. Yes, these funds are for personal consumption.
D. No, the recipients produce goods and services.
24. What is one reason why the overall unemployment rate understates the actual employment situation?
A. The rate reflects regional differences.
B. The rate is not seasonally adjusted.
C. Underemployed people are listed.
D. Discouraged workers are not included.
25. What tends to occur when a country is experiencing political instability?
A. Its currency loses value.
B. Unemployment rates decrease.
C. Domestic trade improves.
D. Commodity trade increases.
26. An individual who lives by an established set of personal ethics is said to have
A. apathy.
B. integrity.
C. bravery.
D. intelligence.
27. One of the benefits of negative feedback is that it
A. keeps you from making mistakes.
B. tells you what you are doing right.
C. lets you know what is expected of you.
D. makes you feel good about yourself.
28. An example of governmental change would be a change in
A. a person's occupation.
B. highway speed limits.
C. the price of goods.
D. the use of automation.
29. What should you develop to persuade others to believe what you say?
A. Listening skills
B. Cultural sensitivity
C. Creativity
D. Personal credibility
30. Why do many businesses develop programs and activities to help reduce employee stress?
A. To eliminate conflict
B. To encourage creativity
C. To maintain productivity
D. To exhibit empathy
31. When reaching a consensus by a formal method, why might group members prefer to use questionnaires?
A. To make sure that everyone participates
B. To keep everyone's answers straight
C. To remain anonymous
D. To prioritize the participants' responses
32. Which of the following is a true statement about visions:
A. They are intended for the short-term future.
B. They are exactly the same as dreams.
C. They cannot permanently change the world.
D. They require hard work and determination.
33. What is one of a coach's most important tasks?
A. Accepting change
B. Caring for others
C. Giving feedback
D. Being honest
34. A positive political tactic to use to influence organizational decision making often involves
A. encouraging workplace competitiveness.
B. taking credit for others' work.
C. associating with cynical coworkers.
D. developing a support base.
35. What form of currency is issued by the federal government?
A. Certified notes
B. Brokerage bills
C. Corporate bonds
D. Paper money
36. The single most important aspect of making a financial plan and setting goals is
A. getting started now.
B. learning to make hard choices.
C. making enough money.
D. choosing a career path.
37. According to Isaac's pay stub, his total earnings before deductions are $1,425. His total deductions are $255. What is Isaac's net income?
A. $1,298
B. $1,425
C. $1,680
D. $1,170
38. Monitoring financial accounts and reading bank statements on a regular basis can help detect activities associated with
A. identity theft.
B. property infringement.
C. personal hijacking.
D. securities fraud.
39. The promoters of the annual Shakespeare Festival include a statement on the back of the event ticket to the effect that they will not be responsible for harm or injury to the ticket holder. The attendees thereby agree to accept liability for their own possible risks by purchasing the ticket. What action is being taken with the risk?
A. Retaining it
B. Eliminating it
C. Transferring it
D. Avoiding it
40. An insufficient cash flow is one of the main causes of
A. decreased profits.
B. higher prices.
C. fiscal stability.
D. business failure.
41. One of the roles of ethics in finance is to encourage business employees to
A. make the right decisions.
B. increase company profits.
C. sell to customers.
D. prepare operating budgets.
42. What might result if a business's merchandising budget called for purchasing more goods than customers wanted?
A. Surplus profit
B. Additional sales
C. Increased costs
D. Expanded market
43. Which of the following workplace-related safety and health issues would most likely be regulated by law:
A. Weight-management programs
B. Storage and disposal of chemicals
C. Smoking cessation support groups
D. Health education information sessions
44. Businesses can retrieve external marketing data by accessing
A. computer-generated sales reports.
B. web-based information services.
C. accounts receivable summaries.
D. inventory management records.
45. When a business collects marketing information from its customers, what should it consider about its consumer-privacy laws?
A. They relate to health-care data.
B. They apply only to children.
C. They vary by jurisdiction.
D. They are enforceable internationally.
46. A business introduces a new product to mid-sized cities in the southeastern section of the country. The business monitors the product's sales to determine if it should introduce the product nationwide. What marketing-research method is the business using?
A. Observation
B. Test marketing
C. Consumer panel
D. Survey
47. Which of the following is an advantage of secondary research:
A. It is specific to the research needs.
B. It is quick.
C. It is up to date.
D. It gives marketers control of the study.
48. A company wants to collect information from various sources to determine if it should consider expanding to international markets. What research method should the company use, if it does not want to spend a lot of time or money to obtain the information?
A. Interview
B. Causal
C. Exploratory
D. Experimental
49. A university is considering changes to its business administration degree. To obtain feedback on the idea from students, the university selects a sample of business majors who are seniors. What type of sampling did the university use?
A. Cluster
B. Proportionate
C. Stratified random
D. Simple
50. Which of the following statements is true regarding the use of diaries as a marketing-research collection method:
A. Diaries record repetitive behaviors that occur at frequent intervals.
B. Diaries primarily provide quantitative information for researchers.
C. The disadvantage to using diaries is that they do not provide in-depth information.
D. The advantage to using diaries is that information can be easily tabulated.
51. Which of the following is a source of primary market research:
A. Government publications
B. Search engines
C. Focus groups
D. Industry periodicals
52. Which of the following questions is worded appropriately to ensure the researcher obtains valid responses?
A. Where did you buy your computer equipment and software?
B. What, if anything, did you like best about the last computer you purchased?
C. What did you like best about your last computer purchase?
D. Would you buy a computer at a store surrounded by other stores and lots of traffic?
53. When marketing researchers code the various responses on a questionnaire, they are __________ to each answer.
A. computing a total score
B. tabulating the response
C. rating the agreement
D. assigning a numeric value
54. A company works with the Red Cross to help with a hurricane relief effort. What goal does this illustrate?
A. Improving customer satisfaction
B. Developing new products/services
C. Expanding
D. Supporting a cause
55. Who is responsible for carrying out the tactics to achieve a business's marketing strategies?
A. Customers
B. Employees
C. Executives
D. Stockholders
56. An effective marketing plan usually contains a section that explains the marketing
A. concept.
B. policy.
C. risk.
D. mix.
57. The reason businesses usually obtain information is to apply it so that they can
A. recruit employees.
B. develop a database.
C. accomplish a task.
D. evaluate a source.
58. By searching the company's computer records, an employee obtained confidential information about a well-known client, which s/he discussed with a friend. Eventually, the information was leaked to the media, which embarrassed the client and the business. What action could the company have taken to prevent this unethical behavior?
A. Provide clients with information-tracking capabilities
B. Install anti-virus software to protect the computer network
C. Use computer passwords to limit access to certain data
D. Require the employee to submit his/her resignation
59. A benefit of using an electronic calendar to prepare schedules is that it allows employees to
A. manage their time.
B. communicate with coworkers.
C. delegate tasks.
D. prioritize a deadline.
60. Holly, Cary, and Rick are working a project together, even though they are geographically far away from each other. They use the Internet to work on documents together, share files, and communicate quickly and easily. What type of software are Holly, Cary, and Rick using?
A. Spyware
B. Shareware
C. Groupware
D. Freeware
61. What approach to record keeping is Dahlia's business using when it hires a data processing center to handle the record keeping for its accounting information?
A. Outsourcing the task
B. Establishing a department
C. Hiring an employee
D. Keeping the records personally
62. What is an economic factor that businesses might identify as a result of conducting an environmental scan?
A. Unemployment rate
B. Increased regulation
C. Population shift
D. Lifestyle adjustment
63. A primary reason for a business to interpret statistical findings is to
A. influence buyers.
B. promote creativity.
C. increase production.
D. aid decision making.
64. One way that the use of technology benefits the operations process is by
A. automating the work force.
B. computerizing the purchasing function.
C. developing a robotics plan.
D. organizing a conveyor system.
65. Henry works in a business's receiving room. While working, Henry was lifting and setting down heavy boxes when he experienced back and abdominal pain. What type of workplace injury did Henry receive?
A. Strain
B. Closed wound
C. Sprain
D. Open wound
66. Why is it important to build in a safety net, or padding, when identifying resources?
A. To try to cut corners
B. To plan for the unexpected
C. To find substitutes
D. To obtain financial support
67. Which of the following is a technique that a business might use to evaluate the results of a project it completes for a customer:
A. Analyze the project proposal
B. Prepare a satisfaction survey
C. Organize the management team
D. Determine the contract criteria
68. Which of the following individuals chooses goods for resale, surveys consumer trends, and rates past performance of products and vendors:
A. Retail buyer
B. Durable goods producer
C. Receiving manager
D. Industry researcher
69. When implementing purchasing activities, what do businesses often establish in order to select vendors?
A. Price sheets
B. Contracts
C. Purchase orders
D. Criteria
70. Which of the following is an area at a business that must be maintained on a regular basis:
A. Sidewalks
B. Furniture
C. Shelving
D. Fixtures
71. Employees' creative suggestions often result in changes that increase ___________ and reduce expenses.
A. losses
B. conflict
C. efficiency
D. costs
72. One of the advantages of discussing career opportunities with employees in specific fields is that you often obtain information about
A. placement services.
B. referral programs.
C. job requirements.
D. industry statistics.
73. What information is usually best to discuss in person rather than to provide in an employment application?
A. Personal references
B. Job expectations
C. Salary requirements
D. Special qualifications
74. Ebony is creating her rsum to send to potential employers. Which of the following should Ebony do when describing her work experience:
A. List the technical training that she has received
B. Briefly describe her previous job responsibilities
C. Clearly explain her work interests and career goals
D. Provide her complete address and telephone information
75. A primary reason that employers often consider hiring a person with internship experience is because it implies that the applicant possesses
A. a well-rounded educational background.
B. the ability to work with financial data.
C. traits such as initiative and commitment.
D. a network of prospective sales contacts.
76. What might employees read in order to learn about new trends and technology in a specific industry?
A. News magazine
B. Trade journal
C. Annual report
D. Daily newspaper
77. Price fixing is unethical because it restricts
A. tariffs.
B. loss leaders.
C. competition.
D. unit pricing.
78. During periods when employment is high and the nation's outlook is optimistic, selling prices of products tend to increase. This is an example of selling prices affected by
A. economic conditions.
B. supply and demand.
C. competition.
D. government regulation.
79. Costs and available resources are especially important factors for product/service managers to examine during which phase of product/service management?
A. New-product development
B. Elimination of weak products
C. Idea generation
D. Monitoring of existing products
80. What is one way businesses use computer technology to obtain information to improve their product/service mix?
A. Compiling detailed databases
B. Mailing questionnaires to customers
C. Tracking visitors to their websites
D. Preparing interactive software programs
81. One reason why the planned obsolescence of certain products often is considered an ethical issue is because of the products' short life that has an effect on the
A. way that customers decide to use them.
B. cost of designing and developing them.
C. value of training employees to sell them.
D. natural resources that are needed to produce them.
82. To identify product opportunities, Corrine tries to make connections between two unrelated items, which is an example of
A. idea testing.
B. creative thinking.
C. decision making.
D. problem solving.
83. Which of the following statements is true regarding the use of group creative-thinking techniques to facilitate the idea-generation process:
A. The brainstorming technique usually generates the best ideas.
B. Groups are usually more effective when each member uses mind-mapping techniques.
C. Group members most often generate new ideas by altering or building upon another idea.
D. The Six Thinking Hats technique is generally the most effective idea-generation technique.
84. Which of the following is most likely to result if workers fail to meet time standards:
A. Reduced number of products available
B. Increased promotion
C. Reduced costs
D. Increased quality of products provided
85. Which of the following may result when products fail to meet government standards:
A. Request for additional monies from consumers
B. Deletion of labels from products
C. Redesign of packaging
D. Payments for advertisements to promote a product's problems
86. When positioning its corporate brand, it is important for a company to evaluate its competitors so it can determine
A. points of difference.
B. profit margins.
C. managerial styles.
D. support services.
87. Which of the following are internal factors that affect the way a business uses promotional tools:
A. Price and competition
B. Product and price
C. Demand and product
D. Place and demand
88. When a company's promotional activities focus on pointing out differences between its well-established product and competing products, the product is in the __________ stage of its life cycle.
A. growth
B. maturity
C. declining
D. introductory
89. One advantage of using the Internet for promotional purposes is that
A. consumer privacy is secure.
B. information is available on demand.
C. it can reach less affluent markets.
D. businesses don't need to target markets.
90. Alexandria has been using Look-So-Good cosmetics for several years and would not consider changing brands. In fact, Alexandria likes the cosmetics so much that she has become an advocate for the cosmetic company. She tells everyone about the features and benefits of Look-So-Good products, and encourages them to try the cosmetics. What type of word-of-mouth marketing is Alexandria using?
A. Mobile marketing
B. Organic marketing
C. Shill marketing
D. Virtual marketing
91. Which of the following is an example of a direct-marketing channel that a business can use to send personalized promotional information to its customers in real time:
A. Cell phone
B. Catalog
C. Scanner
D. Television ad
92. One reason why it is important to coordinate the headline and illustrations in an advertisement is to make the reader
A. aware of the cost involved.
B. appreciate the style of layout.
C. understand the company name.
D. want to read the message.
93. Which of the following are public-relations activities:
A. Identifying trends, writing press releases, and hiring new staff members
B. Holding press conferences, identifying trends, and hiring new staff members
C. Sponsoring events, developing new products, and distributing company newsletters
D. Writing press releases, distributing company newsletters, and sponsoring events
94. TechnoMedia is attending a regional trade show to introduce its new tablet computer. An effective way for the company to draw traffic to its exhibit booth is by
A. placing a sign with the company's name and logo on the exhibit table.
B. handing out trade-show programs at the facility's entrance.
C. using interactive displays that allow attendees to try the tablet.
D. requiring staff to wear name badges that have a picture of the tablet on them.
95. One of the first steps a business takes in developing a promotional plan is to
A. design the advertising message.
B. identify the target market.
C. prepare an expense budget.
D. evaluate the feedback.
96. Which of the following is a factor that affects selling policies over which a business has no control:
A. Price of goods/services
B. Availability of raw materials
C. Quality of suppliers
D. Number of employees
97. A salesperson says to a customer, Mr. Michaels, I wouldn't buy from Davenport Electronics. That company buys parts for its products from sweatshops, and the items don't meet safety codes. Its products usually break within six months. In many jurisdictions, the salesperson is violating selling regulations related to
A. foreign corruption.
B. price discrimination.
C. business defamation.
D. product infringement.
98. What is a type of company promotional material that can be used as a source of information for selling?
A. Newspaper advertisements
B. Professional publications
C. Product labels
D. Trade magazines
99. Reaching closure is the phase in the selling process when salespeople often need to
A. identify customer reactions.
B. sell product benefits.
C. determine buying needs.
D. answer remaining objections.
10. According to Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs, which of the following needs is satisfied when a person purchases products that meet his/her most basic needs:
A. Esteem
B. Physiological
C. Safety
D. Social
01. The federal courts are part of the U.S.
A. legislative body.
B. executive branch.
C. judicial system.
D. presidential cabinet.
02. Which of the following types of business organizations reduces or limits the risk of its stockholders:
A. Partnership
B. Sole proprietorship
C. Franchise
D. Corporation
03. Which of the following is an aspect of channel management that impacts customer service:
A. Timeliness
B. Taxes
C. Protectionism
D. Advertising
04. Which of the following is a marketing function that can be performed by channel intermediaries:
A. Promoting products
B. Monitoring union activities
C. Training employees
D. Recruiting workers
05. What effect does the technology of digital money have on the distribution function?
A. Increases productivity
B. Improves cash flow
C. Creates virtual reality
D. Manages information
06. Which example best reflects a potential ethical issue among distribution channel members?
A. The manager of a wholesale business awards a supply contract to his/her spouse's company.
B. A logistics manager negotiates with a shipping company for lower carrier fees.
C. Warehouse personnel request permission to purchase company inventory for personal use.
D. A food distributor dispenses product samples to a potential customer.
07. Which of the following is a marketing activity that a business should coordinate with distribution in order to successfully sell its product:
A. Competition
B. Orientation
C. Production
D. Promotion
08. Jackie's coach is in the middle of explaining a basketball drill, and Jackie interrupts to ask a question. If she had let her coach finish, her question would have been answered. Which of the following steps for following directions did Jackie ignore:
A. Make eye contact.
B. Know when to speak.
C. Eliminate distractions.
D. Take notes.
09. A personal opinion that prevents a person from being a fair and impartial listener is
A. bias.
B. feedback.
C. emotion.
D. conviction.
10. At work, Bob is assigned to be on a team of five people that will create a new product. Which action can Bob take to participate in the team in a useful way?
A. Find out what other people in the group know about the product
B. Encourage the team to avoid setting ground rules
C. Keep the group on track by stopping others from offering unusual ideas
D. Walk around the room during discussions to keep energy in the group
11. An appropriate guideline for writing a sales -oriented business letter is that
A. the opening should avoid mentioning any problems.
B. it should criticize the competition.
C. the closing should emphasize price.
D. it should encourage the reader to take action.
12. Which of the following might a manager send to corporate management on a regular basis to briefly summarize the work accomplished:
A. Personal letter
B. Project proposal
C. Weekly activity report
D. Reservation record
13. Which of the following types of communication would be exchanged by two business managers who are on the same level of authority:
A. Horizontal
B. Downward
C. Vertical
D. Upward
14. A business recently mailed 20-percent discount coupons to all its loyal customers. Which technique for building positive customer relations does this illustrate?
A. Display courtesy.
B. Be thankful.
C. Keep your promises.
D. Be helpful.
15. How should the business employee handle a situation in which the customer has little to say?
A. Ask questions that can't be answered "yes" or "no"
B. Wait until the customer is ready to "open up"
C. Put the customer at ease by doing all the talking
D. Try to close as soon as possible
16. The ultimate goal of all economic activity is
A. production.
B. consumption.
C. exchange.
D. distribution.
17. What might businesses do if they expect prices to increase substantially in the future?
A. Encourage consumers to buy
B. Increase production now
C. Ship more products to stores
D. Keep products off the market
18. Usually during an economic recession the prices of goods and services will rise very high while the value of money decreases. At the same time, many workers receive an increase in their nominal wages. These workers will be willing to pay the rising prices because their wages are rising by the same amount. This is a good example of the effects of _________ prices.
A. objective
B. competitive
C. unfair
D. relative
19. Who owns a good if the good is used in performing a service for a customer?
A. The customer who buys the service
B. The business performing the service
C. The producer of the good
D. The supplier of the good to the business
20. Which of the following is vital to the successful operation of a private enterprise system:
A. Distribution
B. Mechanization
C. Production
D. Competition
21. One of the reasons that countries measure GDP is to
A. determine the quality of the goods and services they produce.
B. investigate the types of goods and services they produce.
C. compare their findings to other countries around the world.
D. calculate the distribution of wealth within their nations.
22. Which of the following indicates a high level of self-esteem:
A. Seeing an advertisement for a job and feeling that you could handle it
B. Believing that you should always put others ahead of yourself
C. Making a mistake and thinking that you are good at making mistakes
D. Imagining how you would feel if you had already graduated
23. A customer asked, "What ties would you suggest with this shirt?" The salesperson responded, "Let me show you some that would look wonderful with it." The salesperson is demonstrating
A. interest and enthusiasm.
B. a negative attitude.
C. boredom and indifference.
D. extensive product knowledge.
24. Because personal traits tend to influence one another, they are said to be
A. independent.
B. interdependent.
C. unique.
D. common.
25. When you accept criticism and use it in a constructive manner, it becomes
A. more frequent.
B. very valuable.
C. anticipated.
D. desirable.
26. Businesspeople who respect the unique customs and habits of their foreign customers are exhibiting
A. cultural sensitivity.
B. stereotypical behavior.
C. communication skills.
D. language differences.
27. A purpose of effective communication in marketing is to
A. make encoding unnecessary.
B. identify a specific market.
C. persuade consumers to buy.
D. reduce the need for promotion.
28. Which of the following types of behavior tries to improve the general quality of relationships:
A. Aggressive
B. Negative
C. Assertive
D. Independent
29. Which of the following bonds does a country's government issue:
A. Treasury
B. Corporate
C. Estate
D. Common
30. What type of credit is commonly used to purchase large, expensive items such as cars?
A. Regular
B. Installment
C. Budget
D. Revolving
31. Eric wants to buy a new house, and to do so he needs good credit. He has made all his rent, car, and credit card payments on time, so he should have a good credit score. Before he goes to purchase the house, he checks his credit report and finds that he has a low credit score because one of the agencies mishandled his report. This example shows the importance of
A. validating credit history.
B. buying a house.
C. paying rent on time.
D. good credit.
32. Developing an efficient system to locate, gather, process, and use information for marketing decisions is one way that businesses can reduce
A. taxes.
B. debts.
C. sales.
D. risks.
33. Sears offers its own credit card and accepts other cards as well. The amount of money that Sears' customers owe to the business belongs in its __________ records.
A. sales revenue
B. trade credit
C. accounts receivable
D. liabilities
34. The bottom line on a business's income statement indicates
A. net worth.
B. gross revenue.
C. net income.
D. total costs.
35. Why do businesses develop operating budgets?
A. To organize the overall finances
B. To monitor the managers' salaries
C. To calculate inventory levels
D. To estimate replacement costs
36. One way that businesses often use current employees during the process of orienting new employees is as
A. trainers.
B. interviewers.
C. managers.
D. evaluators.
37. What factor does a business consider when it needs to make decisions about when to develop new products or when to change prices?
A. Selling procedures
B. Promotional research
C. Advertising data
D. Marketing information
38. Businesses that need information about industry activities may have a separate section of the marketinginformation management system whose only responsibility is to
A. reduce business risk.
B. monitor the competition.
C. improve stock control.
D. expand promotional activities.
39. Which of the following is an example of an unethical method of collecting marketing information:
A. Contacting customers in a single geographic area
B. Surveying a limited group of similar respondents to represent a broader universe
C. Calling a wide variety of consumers at home with survey questions
D. Interviewing randomly selected participants
40. One benefit to a business of using computerized databases to sort and organize information about customers' purchases, brand preferences, and dollar amounts spent is that the business can use this information to
A. prepare financial reports.
B. customize its marketing efforts.
C. develop inventory control plans.
D. maintain sales strategies.
41. What kind of marketing research is being carried out when a business has someone count the cars in the shopping mall's parking lot?
A. Formal
B. Informal
C. Causal
D. Internal
42. Which of the following is an example of a primary marketing research technique:
A. Customer survey
B. Census data
C. Trade-journal article
D. External reports
43. The PQR Company has experienced a drop in sales for three consecutive quarters. This is an example of defining the marketing-research
A. decision.
B. risk.
C. opportunity.
D. problem.
44. When marketers sampled 100 15-year-old girls, they found that they all were 5 feet 2 inches tall. What type of sampling error contributed to this finding?
A. Non-response
B. Interviewer bias
C. Chance
D. The way the question was asked
45. What is one way that many businesses use the marketing information contained in sales reports?
A. To improve the effectiveness of salespeople
B. To qualify potential new customers
C. To monitor expense accounts
D. To develop negotiating techniques
46. The focus group is an example of what type of method that researchers use to collect data?
A. Observation
B. Interview
C. Sampling
D. Technical
47. Which of the following data-processing methods is done quickly and does not require businesses to manually handle raw data:
A. Voice networking
B. Computer keyboarding
C. Cyber-opting
D. Optical scanning
48. A customer survey indicates that six out of ten survey respondents rate service levels at level four on a rating scale ranging from one to five. This is an example of statistical data reported by
A. module.
B. median.
C. mean.
D. mode.
49. Researchers consider the wording of questions and the order of the questions when evaluating
A. questionnaire design.
B. formatting issues.
C. completion deadlines.
D. possible incentives.
50. A business manager who is calculating the costs of products is performing the marketing function of
A. accounting.
B. financing.
C. pricing.
D. product/service management.
51. Who is responsible for carrying out the tactics to achieve a business's marketing strategies?
A. Executives
B. Customers
C. Employees
D. Stockholders
52. Marzetti's Musical Instruments has determined that it will focus its marketing efforts on senior high-school students. Marzetti's is engaged in __________ marketing.
A. risky
B. target
C. mass
D. industrial
53. Which of the following is considered a reliable source of external information that could be used in quantitative sales forecasting:
A. Predictions voiced by company executives
B. Industry forecasts published by trade associations
C. Statements of customer satisfaction with products
D. Viewpoints of customer-service personnel
54. Which of the following is the most efficient tool for gathering external information that businesses need:
A. Textbooks
B. Library
C. Software
D. Internet
55. When using an online search engine to obtain business information, employees should enter _____________ in the search engine's ____________ field.
A. vague terms, reply
B. key words, query
C. general phrases, answer
D. ordinary slang, subject
56. What software program would a local car dealer use to organize and sort customer information in order to mail postcards to customers to remind them when it is time for routine maintenance?
A. Word processing
B. Database
C. Spreadsheet
D. Desktop publishing
57. Since Maria's business has grown significantly over the past year, she feels that it is time to transfer her handwritten records into a software program. Maria is changing to which style of record keeping?
A. Common
B. Manual
C. Computerized
D. Scientific
58. Which of the following is not an example of demographic data:
A. Education
B. Employment status
C. Need for convenience
D. Religious affiliation
59. What do businesses often analyze when making decisions about how to improve the company?
A. Privacy factors
B. Training methods
C. Information skills
D. Statistical findings
60. To reduce the risk of injury in the workplace, the government requires businesses to follow
A. organizational health policies.
B. privacy laws.
C. conservation ordinances.
D. safety regulations.
61. What kind of dangerous situation might result if a new employee operates specialized equipment without having received prior training on how to properly use that equipment?
A. Mental stress
B. Safety hazard
C. Physical fatigue
D. Personal tension
62. When managing projects, which of the following is an important activity:
A. Following directions
B. Changing objectives
C. Tracking deadlines
D. Obeying orders
63. What do businesses need to maintain in order to produce goods and services for customers?
A. Inventory of supplies
B. List of vendors
C. Schedule of accounts
D. Copies of invoices
64. Popping Good Popcorn has been in business for more than 30 years, producing popcorn that is sold at county fairs and local supermarkets. What can Popping Good do to remain competitive without spending an excessive amount of money?
A. Update the product
B. Produce more popcorn
C. Design new products
D. Change production method
65. When is it more efficient for a company to replace a piece of equipment than to repair it?
A. Maintenance staff is qualified to make repairs.
B. Length of downtime is shorter for repair.
C. Repair parts are easy to obtain.
D. Cost of replacement is less than repair.
66. Lack of exercise, sleep, and adequate relaxation are factors that are likely to have a direct effect on an individual's ability to
A. learn of new opportunities.
B. enter training programs.
C. socialize with coworkers.
D. perform job expectations.
67. After an employee collects the necessary facts, what is the next step that an employee should take to solve a problem?
A. Analyze the information
B. Define the problem
C. Act on assumptions
D. Make a decision
68. In order to manage your time effectively, all of the things that you want to accomplish should first be
A. identified.
B. classified.
C. scheduled.
D. prioritized.
69. Jane enjoys working with people, is interested in television and advertising, has excellent grades in English and speech, and is very creative. What occupational area would she be better suited to pursue?
A. Health and fitness
B. Business and office
C. Personal services
D. Communications and media
70. When signing the sections of an employment application that require a signature, applicants should avoid using a(n)
A. nickname.
B. initial.
C. surname.
D. title.
71. Which promotional medium would be most appropriate for a low profit-margin product?
A. Radio
B. Television
C. Magazine
D. Spectacular
72. Business competitors who discuss their costs and the amount of markup on their products may be involved in
A. price fixing.
B. variable pricing.
C. price lining.
D. flexible pricing.
73. A company is most likely to lower product pricing when the overall economy is experiencing a period of
A. recovery.
B. prosperity.
C. recession.
D. deflation.
74. Why is the quality level of a product an important product/service management decision?
A. It identifies a product's brand.
B. It reflects the image of the business.
C. It protects consumers.
D. It refers to the way the product works.
75. Which of the following is a characteristic of the growth stage of a product's life cycle:
A. Promotional budgets are low.
B. Prices are raised.
C. Fads are adopted.
D. Competitors enter the market.
76. What is one way that businesses are using the information that they are able to obtain due to the advances in Internet technology?
A. To develop production systems
B. To interview potential employees
C. To compile customer databases
D. To prepare operating policies
77. Which of the following is an example of deceptive and unethical product labeling:
A. Advertising "100% juice" and emphasizing a picture of a fruit other than the one that is the main ingredient
B. Listing ingredients in the order of most to least
C. Including the manufacturer's name and address
D. Including in the list of nutritional information the names of vitamins contained in the product and their percentages
78. A group of employees meeting to review a business's sales records for the purpose of identifying product opportunities is an example of
A. experimenting.
B. brainstorming.
C. negotiating.
D. questioning.
79. A customer buys a CD player and receives a printed warranty card stating the action the company will take if the CD player does not work properly. This is an example of a(n) _________ warranty.
A. implied
B. full
C. limited
D. express
80. What act covers hazardous substances, flammable fabrics, and refrigerator safety?
A. Fair Packaging and Labeling Act
B. Federal Trade Commission Act
C. Consumer Product Safety Act
D. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
81. If a specific consumer market wants an item that is easy to assemble and operate, a business might position the item on the basis of product
A. quality.
B. price.
C. value.
D. benefits.
82. Stakeholders, employees, customers, and the media are important considerations when a business defines its
A. advertising program.
B. product image.
C. corporate brand.
D. financial assets.
83. An important role of promotion is to
A. set prices.
B. bypass salespeople.
C. presell products.
D. guide management.
84. When planning the promotional mix, a business should consider which of the following target market factors:
A. The stage of the product's life cycle
B. The type of product
C. The type and number of consumers and their location
D. The company history
85. An advertisement that portrays teenaged boys as lazy and middle-aged men as hard working is an example of
A. harassment.
B. discriminating.
C. sexism.
D. stereotyping.
86. The AJR Company hired a marketing firm to develop an online blog to create buzz about the company's new product; however, it did not advise the public that bloggers were paid to promote the product. This is an example of an unethical activity called
A. sponsorship advertising.
B. placement marketing.
C. stealth marketing.
D. endorsement advertising.
87. A business that is found guilty of deceptive advertising is often required to place __________ advertising.
A. informative
B. comparative
C. corrective
D. affirmative
88. Which of the following has increased due to the trend toward reducing the length of television ads:
A. The impact of the messages
B. The clutter in the media
C. Audience selectivity
D. Audience interest in ad content
89. Which of the following often is a benefit to businesses of positive word-of-mouth communication:
A. Decreased advertising costs
B. Increased sales
C. Increased product mix
D. Decreased operating expense
90. The reason for using certain communications channels, such as coupons, in sales promotion is to
A. create long-term demand.
B. generate an immediate response.
C. persuade customers to remain loyal.
D. advertise a new product.
91. Small businesses often decide to participate in trade shows because the shows provide an opportunity for businesses to contact more potential customers than through the use of
A. direct selling.
B. relationship building.
C. cause marketing.
D. local retailing.
92. What is an external factor that affects the type of promotional plan that a business develops?
A. Vendor list
B. Delivery system
C. Local media
D. Target market
93. A local business that wanted to promote a sale of national brands should coordinate the effort with the
A. discounts offered by one radio station.
B. specials offered at the mall.
C. other similar businesses in the area.
D. manufacturers' promotional campaigns.
94. The sales presentation of a salesperson who has spent time learning about the business's products and its customers will probably be a(n) __________ communication.
A. spontaneous
B. planned
C. canned
D. impersonal
95. Which of the following is one way that salespeople can go a step further in providing quality customer service:
A. Use advertising
B. Provide feedback
C. Be aggressive
D. Keep in touch
96. Which of the following is a reason why some businesses prefer to have unwritten selling policies:
A. Consistency
B. Flexibility
C. Conformity
D. Regimentation
97. Computer technology has impacted the selling function by making it possible for businesses to
A. eliminate inventory.
B. save money.
C. sell online.
D. increase staff.
98. Suzanne prefers to buy a certain type of dress shoes for work. These shoes provide her feet with comfort and protection. She is buying these shoes for their
A. qualities.
B. benefits.
C. features.
D. characteristics.
99. According to Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs, people are first motivated to buy to satisfy __________ needs.
A. esteem
B. security
C. self-actualization
D. physiological
100. A common problem of first-level supervisors is that they
A. are unfamiliar with the work they supervise.
B. are unable to do long-range planning.
C. want to move up to mid-level.
D. lack training in management techniques.
01. What type of debtor-creditor relationship involves the acquisition and use of credit cards?
A. Customary
B. Unintentional
C. Voluntary
D. Implied
02. A manufacturer advises its distributors that they must achieve an extremely high level of sales next year to continue as channel members. This action is most likely to create
A. vertical conflict.
B. channel enlargement.
C. complex distribution patterns.
D. a comparative advantage.
03. When the salesperson did not return Mr. Adkins' calls about the status of his backordered stove, he cancelled his order. The salesperson lost the order because s/he
A. ordered the wrong stove.
B. failed to provide customer service.
C. couldn't get a hold of the vendor.
D. had incorrect customer contact information.
04. To build and repair bridges, Campbell Construction Company buys steel beams from Horton Manufacturing. In this situation, Campbell Construction Company is the
A. indirect agent.
B. wholesaler.
C. producer.
D. industrial user.
05. Tying agreements are illegal under which of the following conditions:
A. When they limit liability
B. When they prohibit monopolies
C. When they regulate promotion
D. When they reduce competition
06. What information should a business provide its suppliers to ensure that products will be available to meet demand?
A. Cash-flow analysis
B. Annual report
C. Sales forecast
D. Media schedule
07. Which of the following is a common reason for horizontal conflict among distribution channel members:
A. Transportation issues
B. Territorial boundaries
C. Direct distribution
D. Shipping errors
08. Which of the following is an example of a company procedure:
A. To order supplies, employees must complete the R-3 form and then give it to their immediate supervisor.
B. Employees are permitted to wear open-toed shoes to work, but they may not wear flip-flops.
C. After five years of service, staff members receive four weeks of paid vacation.
D. Triton Manufacturing pays employees the standard gas mileage reimbursement rate of $.55 per mile.
09. Which of the following gestures would indicate a speaker's nervousness during an oral presentation:
A. Standing up straight
B. Maintaining eye contact
C. Speaking very quickly
D. Fidgeting with accessories
10. Which of the following is an example of organizing business information by location:
A. Corinne prepares a real-estate guide that lists homes for sale in ascending order by selling price.
B. Ben's history assignment is to create a timeline to illustrate his family's immigration from Ireland.
C. Elizabeth structures a national insurance company's financial reports by branch.
D. Jacob structures a research report by providing the most important information in the first section of the document.
11. Using the APA writing style, Ella compiles a list of the books, web sites, and journals that she used when developing a complex research report. What is Ella developing?
A. The executive summary
B. An index
C. The bibliography
D. A glossary
12. When the meeting leader asked the group participants if they had any suggestions for the new product catalog, Lily pulled out a list of notes that she had compiled and talked for the remaining 20 minutes of an hour-long meeting. In this situation, Lily
A. followed parliamentary procedure.
B. provided positive feedback.
C. monopolized the discussion.
D. expressed her opinions clearly.
13. Mr. Martin said, I want to return this software and get my money back. Before I bought it, your salesperson told me that it was compatible with my computer, but it isn't. What is the reason for Mr. Martin's complaint?
A. The product was labeled incorrectly.
B. The product was defective.
C. The salesperson used high-pressure sales tactics.
D. The salesperson provided inaccurate information.
14. The Upper Crust Bread Shop bakes its bread on site so that customers can smell the bread when they enter the shop, and it sets baskets of bread samples throughout the shop. The shop uses these touch points to carry out its
A. operations-management processes.
B. product-development tactics.
C. customer-experience management strategies.
D. brand-insistence advertising techniques.
15. Molly works in operations. Her job is to make sure that the business has all the supplies it needs to keep production going smoothly. Molly works in the area of
A. human-resources management.
B. financial analysis.
C. marketing.
D. purchasing.
16. Milford Glassworks encourages all of its employees to provide input for system improvements and suggestions for product ideas. What strategy is Milford using to adapt to changes in the marketplace?
A. Innovation management
B. Competitive aggression
C. Reactive control
D. Cultural intelligence
17. Which of the following is an oligopoly:
A. Oil industry
B. Apparel industry
C. Food-service industry
D. Computer industry
18. Last year, Ryan earned a salary of $32,500, and paid 15% in federal income taxes. This year, Ryan received a promotion, and his salary is now $36,750. Due to his salary increase, Ryan must pay 25% in federal income taxes. This is an example of a __________ tax.
A. regressive
B. progressive
C. proportional
D. corporate
19. What happens when inflation increases?
A. Consumers can buy more for less.
B. Supply exceeds demand.
C. Purchasing power decreases.
D. Production efficiency increases.
20. Joe realized that if he had taken more time to proofread his work carefully and correct his grammatical mistakes, he would have received a better grade on his report. In this situation, Joe is
A. assessing a weakness to improve performance.
B. identifying a way to enhance his creativity.
C. making a false generalization about himself.
D. comparing his talents with those of his classmates.
21. The supervisor said, "Amber, I know that this is a busy time for you right now, but I really need for you to give me the weekly expense report on Tuesday morning. Because you submitted last week's report on Wednesday, reimbursement checks were delayed, and several employees did not receive payment when they expected it." The supervisor is providing Amber with
A. constructive criticism.
B. an unsolicited opinion.
C. internal feedback.
D. a defensive response.
22. Which of the following is a true statement about secondary dimensions of diversity:
A. They are mental aptitudes.
B. They are physical traits.
C. They are determined by a person's subculture.
D. They can change over time.
23. You are more likely to persuade others to take action if you
A. overstate the benefits.
B. use illogical reasoning.
C. provide supporting facts.
D. conceal your credibility.
24. What is the benefit of shared vision to an organization?
A. It ensures that the team's goals are achievable.
B. It serves as a guide for decision making.
C. It creates an ethnocentric environment.
D. It supports a groupthink attitude.
25. Which of the following situations involves the use of negative tactics to build political relationships within the organization:
A. Jason accepts credit for Tori's advertising campaign idea during a meeting with management.
B. Lydia wants to increase her internal contacts and network, so she volunteers to help with a project.
C. Patrick compliments his manager on her/his chip shot out of a sand trap during a corporate golf outing.
D. Miranda makes sure that she dresses professionally during important business meetings.
26. Because Elise paid her monthly credit-card bill on April 16 instead of April 4, the credit-card issuer added a $25 charge to her May billing statement. This is an example of a(n) ___________ fee.
A. cash-advance
B. annual
C. balance-transfer
D. late
27. What is a benefit of investing in mutual funds?
A. Investors' fees are waived because it is an ownership investment.
B. Investors are guaranteed a minimal amount of return.
C. Investors earn interest because it is a lending investment.
D. Investors have access to a fund manager's expertise.
28. When identifying risks that a business faces, management should focus on the
A. probability of risk occurrence.
B. impact of the risks.
C. sources of the risks.
D. ability to transfer the risks.
29. When Samantha reviewed her company's financial information, she noticed that the sales for the Java6 coffee maker decreased for three consecutive months. In this situation, the financial information helped Samantha
A. make a pricing decision.
B. calculate liquidity ratios.
C. identify a trend.
D. negotiate a contract.
30. Which of the following are listed as long-term assets on a balance sheet:
A. Land, cash, and mortgage
B. Buildings, vehicles, and capital equipment
C. Vehicles, insurance, and accounts payable
D. Capital equipment, mortgage, and inventory
31. The primary reason for analyzing budget variances is to
A. determine where the business is on target and where it is not.
B. ensure that the business generates a sizable profit.
C. understand the generally accepted accounting principles.
D. make adjustments to the business's operating procedures.
32. As a member of the company's employee selection committee, Logan is urging the other committee members to choose his best friend Markus for an executive-management position. What ethical issue does this situation illustrate?
A. Cultural bias
B. Conflict of interest
C. Lack of transparency
D. Bribery
33. During a board of directors meeting, the company's CEO said, Based on last year's sales data and changes in economic conditions, I believe that sales will increase next year. In this situation, the CEO has provided the board members with a(n)
A. fact.
B. prediction.
C. estimate.
D. recommendation.
34. What activity involves transforming facts and figures into a useful format?
A. Information reporting
B. Data mining
C. Data processing
D. Information gathering
35. Which of the following is an example of ethical behavior in marketing-information management:
A. Using complex processes for customers to opt-out of e-mail correspondence
B. Changing survey feedback to reflect a positive research outcome
C. Distributing the telephone numbers of customers without their permission
D. Implementing procedures to protect the privacy of survey respondents
36. The primary reason that the government regulates the ways in which healthcare organizations handle medical records is to
A. improve employees' performance.
B. prevent personal-injury lawsuits.
C. keep tax information confidential.
D. protect the patients' privacy rights.
37. A business's expense reports and cash-register receipts are sources of __________ research data.
A. internal, quantitative
B. external, quantitative
C. elementary, qualitative
D. organic, qualitative
38. How can we alter our existing product so it will appeal to another market? is an example of a
A. strategy-oriented decision problem.
B. discovery-oriented decision problem.
C. market-research analysis.
D. market-situation analysis.
39. Which of the following is an example of causal research:
A. A pet-supply company reviews invoices and receipts to determine which line of dog food is generating the most sales.
B. A large publisher holds a series of focus groups with teachers to gather opinions about the mathematics textbooks.
C. A hotel chain places suggestion cards in its sleeping rooms to solicit feedback about its guests' level of satisfaction with its services.
D. A quick-serve restaurant introduces a breakfast burrito to a limited segment of the market to determine product acceptability.
40. When using the systematic random sampling method, marketers must determine the
A. skip interval.
B. stratum.
C. cluster.
D. quota gap.
41. While filling out a customer-satisfaction survey, Ashley is asked to rank her level of agreement with the statement, The sales representative was friendly and courteous. Out of the five options presented, Ashley's response is strongly agree. This is an example of a _________ rating scale.
A. Likert
B. Semantic differential
C. Paired comparison
D. Retention
42. To understand consumers' buying habits over time, marketing researchers might ask a sample of the population to
A. develop a media blog.
B. maintain a product diary.
C. keep track of their ideas.
D. prepare an opinion statement.
43. An interviewer should carefully monitor his/her tone of voice, facial expressions, and gestures when collecting marketing data from respondents to
A. avoid appearing biased.
B. limit the length of the interview.
C. discourage inappropriate responses.
D. dominate the conversation.
44. What activity is a marketing researcher performing when s/he counts the responses to a survey?
A. Assigning values
B. Tabulating data
C. Interpreting primary research
D. Developing a sample plan
45. A marketing survey revealed that four out of seven residents in the greater metro area prefer Lupi's Pizza to Morelli's Pizza and Renaldo's Pizza. What measure of central tendency does this example represent?
A. Mode
B. Mean
C. Range
D. Scope
46. Which of the following is an example of a response error:
A. Jack pauses for a moment before he answers the interviewer's question.
B. Jack does not provide his telephone number when he fills out an online survey.
C. Lydia provides her opinion about a new soft drink during a focus group.
D. Rosanna checks two response options for one question on a paper questionnaire.
47. The following appeared on a recent survey: "Do you agree that the government wastes taxpayers' money by supporting unnecessary programs?" This is an example of a(n)
A. indifferent statement.
B. leading question.
C. open-ended inquiry.
D. unstated alternative.
48. In the past month, Anna has purchased Lay's mesquite-barbeque chips, Shearer's kettle-cooked potato chips, and Utz's wavy potato chips. What type of buying behavior is Anna exhibiting?
A. Price-oriented
B. Brand-preference
C. Quality-based
D. Variety-seeking
49. What element of the marketing mix is most concerned about creating convenience for customers in relation to the product's accessibility to the market?
A. Price
B. Product
C. Place
D. Promotion
50. When a local athletic apparel store sells shoes, clothing, and accessories that are designed specifically for runners, it is using ____________ segmentation.
A. geographic
B. psychographic
C. demographic
D. rate of usage
51. Which of the following statements is true about a marketing plan:
A. It is more beneficial for large companies to have a marketing plan than it is for small businesses.
B. An important component of the marketing plan is the business plan.
C. A good marketing plan contains the business's specific marketing goals and strategies.
D. The marketing plan has a narrow audience, so it takes a business minimal time to prepare it.
52. If a situation analysis reveals that the company has a comprehensive, current, and flexible database system, it has identified a(n)
A. internal strength.
B. external asset.
C. product benefit.
D. technological flaw.
53. Nelson needs to find out the exact model number of a printer to order the correct ink cartridge for a customer. To obtain accurate information quickly, Nelson should access
A. his company's contact directory.
B. the manufacturer's accounting department.
C. his company's intranet.
D. the manufacturer's production manager.
54. Mason Publishing included the following statement in a newsletter that was sent to its sales staff about its new electronic reader: CEO Lucinda Marcelli said, "This product supports our ongoing efforts to revolutionize the ways in which students across the country learn." This is an example of
A. paraphrasing a comment to explain specific product benefits.
B. including a quotation to introduce an item during a sales meeting.
C. using a quotation to communicate product information.
D. summarizing the features of a new item by using a testimonial.
55. Which of the following is an example of unethical business behavior in relation to information management:
A. Sharing customers' personal information to others with their permission
B. Telling employees that the business may monitor their telephone calls at work
C. Keeping employees' payroll records in unsecured computer databases
D. Using opt-in e-mail to communicate product information with customers
56. A primary disadvantage of keeping business records in digital formats is that
A. records become inaccessible due to obsolete technology.
B. businesses cannot update data quickly.
C. businesses are unable to file documents on computers.
D. documents must be kept for a minimum of three years.
57. Under what circumstances should a business obtain copyright protection for its intellectual property?
A. If it develops a unique manufacturing process
B. When it produces an original artistic work
C. If it owns a distinctive mark or emblem
D. When it maintains a comprehensive customer list
58. Businesses rely on projects because the business environment is
A. free from competition.
B. inflexible.
C. dynamic.
D. hard to understand.
59. When developing a request for quotation (RFQ) for prospective vendors, a business should always include
A. statistics and a checklist.
B. prices and a purchase order.
C. guidelines and discounts.
D. specifications and deadlines.
60. Which of the following is an example of a good or service that is produced through a capital-intensive conversion process:
A. Hair cut
B. Handmade quilt
C. Sport utility vehicle
D. Computer repair
61. To maintain a quality work culture throughout all levels of an organization, it is important for businesses to
A. train employees thoroughly.
B. solve problems with minimal input.
C. emphasize short-term gains.
D. focus primarily on financial issues.
62. What can an employee do on a regular basis to maintain an organized workspace?
A. Place all paperwork in storage boxes
B. Make copies of all computer documents
C. Discard outdated files and papers
D. Shred documents that are over one year old
63. Which of the following is an example of job shadowing:
A. Tom asks an advertising manager about various professional organizations in marketing.
B. Kayla follows the public-relations director of a local company to learn about his/her career.
C. Delia talks with an event coordinator about the ways in which she can donate her time to a local charity.
D. Brian sets up a time to meet with a sales representative to find out about her/his job duties.
64. During a job interview, it is important to monitor nonverbal cues including your
A. handshake and vocal intensity.
B. posture and eye contact.
C. diction and arm gestures.
D. clothing and pitch.
65. Which of the following situations is most likely to cause the price of corn-based products to increase:
A. Corn producers reduce marketing activities.
B. The demand for corn-based products declines.
C. A long drought damages the corn crops.
D. The rate of inflation stabilizes.
66. Which of the following is an example of price fixing:
A. A grocery store dramatically increases the prices of bottled water during a natural disaster.
B. Three computer-chip manufacturers agree to sell their products within a certain price range.
C. A building-materials company sets a high price for a new product and lowers it over time.
D. Two restaurants offer the percentage-off coupons for their large pizzas for a limited time.
67. During what phase of the product life cycle is a business most likely to reduce its prices because copycat products have entered the marketplace?
A. Growth
B. Maturity
C. Trough
D. Peak
68. During which stage of the product life cycle is the product failure rate the highest?
A. Introduction
B. Growth
C. Maturity
D. Decline
69. Which of the following is an ethical issue that affects many businesses' product/service-management function:
A. Using bait-and-switch tactics
B. Engaging in collusion
C. Testing on animals
D. Setting unrealistic sales goals
70. Hannah studied international business in college and has worked for various international corporations. Over the years, she met many businesspeople who did not understand how cultural differences affect their business relationships. Hannah decided to start her own consulting firm to advise businesspeople about the cultural issues that they may encounter when doing business overseas. Hannah identified a product opportunity on the basis of
A. accidental discovery.
B. a popular hobby.
C. a technological issue.
D. personal expertise.
71. Which of the following is an idea-generation technique that uses programmed thinking:
A. Forced questioning
B. Mind mapping
C. Attribute listing
D. Synectics
72. Car break-ins often result because drivers leave their laptops, smartphones, and wallets on the car seat, making the items highly visible to potential thieves. As a result, an automobile manufacturer designed a hidden compartment in the front passenger seat for drivers to store their valuable items. This is an example of an idea generation strategy in which the business
A. developed a new product to replace an outdated product.
B. changed an existing product to attract a younger market.
C. improved an existing product to solve a common problem.
D. created a new product to gain the competitive advantage.
73. Fairlawn Manufacturing will replace or repair the motor of its Cut-rite riding lawnmower for one year after the purchase date. This is an example of a(n)
A. limited warranty.
B. full warranty.
C. unconditional guarantee.
D. service guarantee.
74. To prevent people with severe peanut allergies from accidentally consuming food items prepared in peanut oil, many governments require food manufacturers to
A. seal the packaging to prevent product tampering.
B. label the packaging with a hazardous product symbol.
C. provide nutritional information on the packaging.
D. list all ingredients on the products' packaging.
75. An electronics business decided to remove the X2L digital camera from its product mix because it was taking away sales from its FZG1 premier digital camera. This is an example of
A. product alteration.
B. product cannibalization.
C. inventory substitution.
D. inventory shrinkage.
76. A benefit to the seller of bundling products is that doing so
A. reduces product-quality problems.
B. eliminates the need to comparison shop.
C. often lowers the marketing costs.
D. usually decreases product-placement activities.
77. Which of the following is an example of a business that uses product class as a positioning strategy:
A. Focusing on the value of a line of cosmetics
B. Emphasizing a 100,000-mile car warranty
C. Associating an artificial sweetener with sugar
D. Communicating a resort's luxury services
78. Although Sara's favorite soft drink is Diet Coke, she will order Diet Pepsi if a restaurant does not serve Diet Coke. This is an example of brand
A. preference.
B. insistence.
C. adoption.
D. perception.
79. Which of the following are types of corporate brands:
A. Disney, Apple, and Nike
B. Procter and Gamble, Mountain Dew, and Disney
C. Harley-Davidson, Apple, and Tide
D. Nike, Harley-Davidson, and Tide
80. Determine the type of and purpose for promotion used in the following example: Procter and Gamble donates thousands of bottles of its Dawn dishwashing soap to wildlife conservation programs to clean animals that are affected by oil spills and other ecological hazards.
A. Product; To reinforce the company's commitment to producing high-quality items
B. Institutional; To show the companys support of learning and educational initiatives
C. Product; To create a positive image of the company's employees
D. Institutional; To indicate the company's interest in environmental issues
81. What elements of the promotional mix are ideal to use when promoting products to large, personal consumer markets?
A. Sales promotion and advertising
B. Personal selling and publicity
C. Advertising and personal selling
D. Personal selling and sales promotion
82. A soft-drink company posts a film clip on YouTube and Facebook that features its employees drinking the company's best-selling beverage while they are performing a flash-mob routine. What is the company using to promote its products?
A. Advergaming
B. Streaming audio
C. Viral video
D. Custom messaging
83. When a government regulatory agency accuses a company of running a deceptive advertisement, the company voluntarily agrees to stop running the ad without admitting guilt. In this situation, the remedy used is
A. a cease-and-desist order.
B. a consent order.
C. corrective advertising.
D. affirmative disclosure.
84. Which of the following is most likely to contain indoor billboards:
A. Buses, parking lots, and enclosed malls
B. Highways, road intersections, and subway terminals
C. Subway terminals, airport terminals, and enclosed malls
D. Parking garages, highways, and buses
85. What is the primary goal of viral marketing?
A. Staging
B. Sharing
C. Managing
D. Manipulating
86. A retailer sends a sales announcement and coupon with the monthly summary of accounts that it sends to its customers. What form of direct mail is the retailer using?
A. Classified ads
B. Media circulars
C. Self-mailers
D. Statement stuffers
87. The Skintastic Cosmetic Company implemented a challenging sales promotion in which its independent sales consultants could earn bonuses, prizes, and vacations. This is an example of a company using ___________ as a sales incentive.
A. cooperative advertising
B. sweepstakes
C. push money
D. loyalty programs
88. What component of a print advertisement contains the sales message?
A. Illustration
B. Copy
C. Tag line
D. Headline
89. A snack-food company donates energy bars to runners who are participating in a race to raise money for cancer research. The business is engaging in a(n)
A. advertising campaign to improve investor relations.
B. media blitz to exhibit social responsibility.
C. selling activity to support its image.
D. public-relations activity for a charitable cause.
90. An important aspect of maintaining positive public relations is communicating with external audiences such as
A. stockholders, employees, and government agencies.
B. local businesses, charitable organizations, and customers.
C. charitable organizations, executive managers, and local businesses.
D. customers, employees, and the board of directors.
91. Which of the following is a budgeting issue that a business considers when deciding whether to participate in a trade show:
A. Venue's personal appeal
B. Target audience size
C. Booth rental space
D. Competitors' attendance
92. What component of the promotional plan describes the specific tools that the business will use to promote its goods and services?
A. Evaluation
B. Objectives
C. Budget
D. Tactics
93. A business can help its salespeople build a clientele by
A. showing interest in the customers' needs.
B. following up with customers immediately after a sale.
C. having favorable adjustment and return policies.
D. setting high performance goals.
94. The details regarding quotas for each salesperson would be outlined in what type of selling policy?
A. Service
B. Terms-of-sale
C. Selling-activity
D. Qualifying the customer
95. Which of the following is a form of technology that allows a salesperson to make a professional sales presentation to group members who are located in different locations:
A. Data-mining software
B. Global positioning system
C. Webinar
D. Autoresponder
96. Determine if the following situation is an illegal selling practice: A salesperson says to a customer, "My business will buy all of its janitorial supplies from your company if you buy all of your office furniture from my business."
A. Yes. The salesperson is suggesting reciprocity, which is illegal if it hinders competition.
B. Yes. The salesperson is engaging in price discrimination, which is illegal in many jurisdictions.
C. No. The salesperson is proposing a limited partnership, which is a common and legal practice.
D. No. The salesperson is using tie-in sales tactics to facilitate a long-term sales relationship.
97. The best way for salespeople to obtain detailed information about a complex product is by
A. asking a customer who uses the product.
B. reading a product brochure.
C. attending a training session.
D. conducting a product demonstration.
98. The salesperson says, Mrs. Jones, the Model 2XY upright vacuum cleaner has attachments that allow you to remove dust from furniture, draperies, and ceiling fans. It also has a steamer that deep cleans carpets. This is an example of a salesperson describing the product's
A. unique style.
B. multiple uses.
C. durability.
D. construction.
99. When a business's salespeople take time to discover their customers' needs, the business is likely to benefit because
A. customers tend to return fewer products.
B. product reviews become unnecessary.
C. salespeople usually earn higher commissions.
D. customers are likely to qualify sales leads.
100. Shortly after a burglar broke into their house, Mr. and Mrs. Green purchased a home security system. In this situation, Mr. and Mrs. Green's buying motive was based on __________ factors.
A. esteem
B. patronage
C. emotional
D. rational
01. All of the following are factors to consider when choosing a form of business ownership except the
A. risk you wish to assume.
B. business's location.
C. type of business.
D. amount of capital needed.
02. One of the main goals of environmental regulations that affect businesses is to
A. publicize problems.
B. conserve natural resources.
C. establish a code of ethics.
D. limit corporate profits.
03. Supplemental materials that help to explain the information contained in a simple report can be included in the form of
A. resources.
B. references.
C. attachments.
D. bibliographies.
04. The part of a written business report that is a brief presentation of the findings is called the
A. summary.
B. body.
C. background.
D. introduction.
05. Retail merchandising managers who give directions for completing job tasks in a clear and concise manner usually obtain a higher level of __________ among employees.
A. consistency
B. understanding
C. precision
D. interest
06. A business may decide to operate its own distribution system because
A. the service level would decrease.
B. of government regulations.
C. it would be more expensive.
D. no middlemen are available.
07. When products go from the producer to an intermediary before going on to consumers, a(n) __________ channel of distribution is being used.
A. shorter
B. indirect
C. direct
D. vertical
08. Businesses that buy products from suppliers that are not the authorized distributors for the products' manufacturers are involved in the
A. gray market.
B. outlet industry.
C. export business.
D. discount trade.
09. Which of the following is a disadvantage of the blind-check method of checking incoming stock:
A. The merchandise is checked on a random basis.
B. Shortages and overages cannot be detected immediately.
C. It does not provide a count of the merchandise.
D. The goods must be compared with the invoice.
10. What do some retailers do with merchandise that customers return at the end of the season?
A. Store until next month
B. Ship back to the manufacturer
C. Send to homeless shelters
D. Sell to closeout companies
11. A business that ships goods to foreign countries needs to have information about the __________ system in those countries.
A. inventory
B. manufacturing
C. transportation
D. economic
12. Why should a bookstore complete a physical inventory at least once a year?
A. To obtain information for tax preparation
B. To detect errors in labeling
C. To analyze efficiency of suppliers
D. To deter shoplifting
13. In order to receive the most accurate information regarding merchandise on hand, a retail chain will need to use a(n)
A. perpetual control system.
B. periodic stock count.
C. annual tax report.
D. book control system.
14. A producer would want to use a direct channel of distribution for a good that is
A. lightweight.
B. inexpensive.
C. perishable.
D. a standard part.
15. One cost-effective way that a manufacturer can reduce excess merchandise is to
A. place several advertisements in various trade magazines.
B. offer retailers off-price purchasing options.
C. develop a direct-mail sales catalog for close-out products.
D. offer to waive sales tax on items that the retailers purchase.
16. One reason a store manager might choose a UPC-Based Scanner System for checkout purposes is to give each product a
A. label design and price tag, thereby helping employees locate products and tag prices.
B. label design and price tag, thereby helping customers find products and compare prices.
C. unique identification number, thereby helping customers distinguish between products.
D. unique identification number, thereby coding data onto all merchandise.
17. Determine the type of utility being described in the following situation: The Handy Tool Company produces hammers in its manufacturing plant.
A. Form
B. Time
C. Place
D. Possession
18. In order to determine how much money a merchandising business receives and pays out to others, the business would consult its __________ records.
A. purchasing
B. inventory
C. accounting
D. promotional
19. In socialistic countries, those people who are unable to work are
A. provided for by the government.
B. placed in detention homes.
C. assigned jobs.
D. forced to emigrate.
20. What is one way that profitable retail chains help to make the economy stronger and healthier?
A. By increasing tax dollars paid to government
B. By more conveniently serving customers
C. By conserving resources for future use
D. By developing new and improved goods and services
21. Determine whether the following statement is true or false: As the value of the U.S. dollar increases, U.S. imports will decrease.
A. False, the value of the U.S. dollar does not affect imports or exports.
B. True, a strong U.S. dollar decreases imports.
C. True, U.S. businesses benefit when the value of the dollar increases.
D. False, a strong U.S. dollar increases imports.
22. It is easier for furniture store employees to develop positive customer/client relations if the employees understand that each customer is
A. like most others.
B. a possible problem.
C. in a hurry.
D. a unique individual.
23. Which of the following is often a way that giving customers good service benefits a retailer:
A. Recognizes good employees
B. Helps to retain customers
C. Identifies new customers
D. Helps to promote employees
24. A characteristic of democratic leaders is that they generally
A. rely solely upon their own judgment.
B. explain the reasons behind procedures.
C. encourage creative ways of doing things.
D. give very specific orders and instructions.
25. What should you do when you greet retail customers courteously but are answered rudely?
A. Answer rudeness with rudeness.
B. Walk away, and wait for them to come to you.
C. Remain positive and pleasant with them.
D. Stay with the customers, and try to talk with them.
26. The most important business policy affecting customers directly is the ___________ policy.
A. credit
B. promotional
C. product
D. service
27. One reason a department store often determines a credit applicant's creditworthiness on the basis of employment is because employment usually is the
A. easiest factor to verify.
B. type of work that is performed.
C. main source of income.
D. way to acquire collateral.
28. The first statement in a major retailer's business letter that refuses credit to a customer should be
A. an option to reapply at a later date.
B. the reason(s) for refusing credit.
C. the company's policy for extending credit.
D. a pleasant or neutral statement.
29. The profit that a bookstore has earned can be determined from the bookstore's
A. assets.
B. balance sheet.
C. budget.
D. income statement.
30. Which of the following is one of the components of a retailer's cash payments:
A. Previous month's balance
B. Cost of goods sold
C. Total credit sales
D. Interest from loans
31. The information in an operating budget usually is presented in which of the following forms:
A. Dollar
B. Percent
C. Ratio
D. Fraction
32. If the profit-and-loss statement of the ABC Educational Store showed a beginning inventory of school supplies of $1,000, net purchases of merchandise of $2,000, and ending inventory of $1,800, the cost of goods sold was
A. $3,000.
B. $1,000.
C. $1,200.
D. $4,200.
33. Which of the following is an example of a business being unethical in its dealings with employees:
A. Transferring a salesperson
B. Disciplining an underachiever
C. Counseling a new trainee
D. Terminating a whistle-blower
34. Which of the following employee-selection techniques includes a face-to-face dialogue between a retail chain merchandising manager and a prospective employee:
A. Letter of inquiry
B. Job analysis
C. Personal interview
D. Letter of application
35. One of the ways that training and human resource development benefits retailers is by increasing their merchandising employees'
A. rate of turnover.
B. production and quality of work.
C. need for supervision.
D. salaries and benefits package.
36. Periodically evaluating a buyer's performance on-the-job enables a purchasing department supervisor to
A. compare performance to job standards.
B. control the employee's behavior.
C. prevent any problems with morale.
D. give the employee a raise in pay.
37. When assessing marketing-information needs in order to find a solution to a marketing problem, large retailers should decide if it will be necessary to
A. purchase new software.
B. compile a database.
C. obtain primary data.
D. design a computer system.
38. One of the main reasons that a home-improvement store chain gathers marketing information is to be able to
A. answer customer complaints.
B. track past sales trends.
C. monitor inventory records.
D. increase sales and profits.
39. Which of the following is the primary ethical consideration if a large retailer sells a customer list to another business:
A. Exclusivity
B. Publicity
C. Exaggeration
D. Privacy
40. One reason why a chain of camera shops assesses the trading area before opening a new location is to
A. analyze the competition.
B. identify advertising media.
C. develop the store site.
D. select merchandise to sell.
41. A manufacturer of retail goods that wants to use marketing research in order to try out different solutions to a problem needs to use __________ research.
A. causal
B. exploratory
C. predictive
D. descriptive
42. What is the measurement of central tendency that indicates the exact middle?
A. Mode
B. Model
C. Mean
D. Median
43. Marketing strategies and tactics must always be planned and implemented with the retailer's __________ in mind.
A. owners
B. executives
C. customers
D. stockholders
44. General Motors' attempt to meet the needs of specific groups of consumers by offering trucks, large cars, and compact cars is an example of __________ segmentation.
A. demographic
B. educational
C. geographic
D. market
45. Why is it important for a home-goods retail chain to select a target market?
A. To identify the most appropriate vendors
B. To develop strategies to appeal to customers
C. To prepare detailed promotional reports
D. To organize exclusive sales territories
46. What is a potential opportunity that a retail chain merchandising executive might identify in a SWOT analysis?
A. Risk of takeover
B. Strong research and development
C. Management turnover
D. Falling trade barriers
47. The marketing objectives that a gift shop owner develops for his/her marketing plan should lead to a(n)
A. decrease in taxes.
B. increase in prices.
C. decrease in costs.
D. increase in sales.
48. The ultimate goal of a marketing audit is to improve a merchandiser's marketing
A. mix.
B. information.
C. performance.
D. research.
49. Which of the following is an example of a retail chain performing the marketing function of promotion:
A. Organizing storage shelves
B. Processing recent shipments
C. Creating product assortments
D. Developing attractive displays
50. One way that the technology of online shopping impacts retailers that have physical sites as well as web pages is by allowing them to
A. sell below cost.
B. control distribution.
C. decrease services.
D. reach more customers.
51. Which of the following is an example of a current trend in business:
A. Protecting consumer privacy
B. Expanding economic growth
C. Developing market research
D. Promoting private enterprise
52. What is an important factor that a buyer in a retail chain's purchasing department considers when selecting vendors?
A. Temporary orders
B. Possible trends
C. Future displays
D. Available terms
53. When buyers are determining what merchandise to buy, they collect information from various sources within the business, including
A. vendor records.
B. sales records.
C. sales forecasts.
D. shoplifting records.
54. A company trained you for five days on how to run a large piece of equipment. Now you are working by yourself, but you have forgotten a step in the process although the machine seems to be operating correctly. What should you do?
A. Ask for help.
B. Stop the press.
C. Skip that step.
D. Continue working.
55. An alarm sounds when a customer is leaving a retail store, alerting the security guard. Which of the following security devices was used to detect shoplifting:
A. Mirrors
B. Electronic sensors
C. Locked display cases
D. Closed-circuit television
56. The marketing function that involves the planning and procedures necessary to obtain goods and services for use in the business or for resale is known as
A. retailing.
B. purchasing.
C. marketing.
D. distribution.
57. Businesses that use the mass production process make products that are
A. unique.
B. diversified.
C. variable.
D. standardized.
58. What amount should a retailer predict for next year's fixed costs if this year it spent $36,000 for facility rent, $5,250 for a special advertising campaign, $7,500 for insurance premiums, $4,150 for utilities, and $12,000 in employee bonuses?
A. $52,900
B. $40,150
C. $47,650
D. $64,900
59. A business's full-time warehouse employee resigned and the business decided to hire two part-time employees to each work four hours a day, five days a week. Calculate the savings to the business for a four-week period if the full-time employee earned $650 a week and the part-time employees will be paid $12.50 an hour.
A. $550
B. $600
C. $500
D. $650
60. Which of the following would be the most appropriate time for retail employees to carry out basic housekeeping duties:
A. During the noon hour
B. Immediately after opening or closing
C. At the end of each shift
D. Just before opening or at closing time
61. When using informational interviews to identify occupational interests, you should try to interview someone who
A. has an executive position in the company.
B. used to have the kind of job you want.
C. holds the kind of job you want.
D. hires people for the kind of job you want.
62. What type of information may be listed in the work experience section of a resume, if the person has had only a few paying jobs?
A. Career objectives
B. Technical training
C. Volunteer positions
D. Personal references
63. Which of the following comes first in these steps of the merchandising cycle:
A. Reordering merchandise
B. Negotiating the purchase
C. Receiving merchandise
D. Selecting merchandise sources
64. A small, local retailer that sells inexpensive goods probably would use which of the following promotional media:
A. DVDs
B. Television
C. Radio
D. Magazines
65. Charging premium prices for lumber to hurricane victims because supply is limited is
A. unethical and illegal.
B. unethical and legal.
C. ethical and legal.
D. ethical and illegal.
66. Who is guilty of unlawful price differential under the Robinson-Patman Act when a large buyer demands and receives discriminatory prices from a manufacturer?
A. Buyer and seller
B. Buyer
C. Seller
D. Neither buyer nor seller
67. Calculate the final cost of an item that has a list price of $200 and series discounts of 20%, 10%, and 5%.
A. $136
B. $186.30
C. $130
D. $136.80
68. Establish a selling price from the following information: cost, $8.45; operating expenses, $.50; and profit, $.80.
A. $9.75
B. $8.95
C. $9.25
D. $7.15
69. Which of the following statements about product/service management is true:
A. Only tangible (physical) products are targeted for product/service management.
B. Existing products are not affected by product/service management.
C. Test marketing is an inexpensive way to introduce new products.
D. Government regulations control labeling and packaging of many products.
70. During which of the following stages in a product's life cycle can a retail chain expect to earn significant profits:
A. Growth
B. Introduction
C. Decline
D. Maturity
71. What type of planned obsolescence is generally considered socially and economically desirable because the replacement product offers more benefits and/or a lower cost?
A. Style
B. Psychological
C. Fashion
D. Technological
72. When engaging in the Six Thinking Hats idea-generation technique, the red hat focuses on the
A. available facts and data.
B. emotions, feelings, and intuition.
C. creation of new ideas.
D. negative aspects of the situation.
73. A business instructed its salespeople to tell customers that the advertised, inexpensive item sold out, and that they should try to sell customers a more expensive model. Which of the following government agencies investigates bait and switch fraud:
A. Consumer Affairs Department
B. Consumer Product Safety Commission
C. Food and Drug Administration
D. Federal Trade Commission
74. Which of the following goods or services are most likely to be bundled products:
A. Health club membership and ice cream
B. Motor oil and lawn maintenance tools
C. Digital cameras and rolls of film
D. Event tickets and hotel accommodations
75. Which of the following products are sometimes sold as generic items:
A. Bicycles
B. Paper goods
C. Cars
D. Sporting goods
76. A service that allows customers to buy merchandise and use it before paying for it is called a__________ sale.
A. layaway
B. cash
C. COD
D. charge
77. What is the key advantage that a grid-style store layout provides over other types of store layouts to retailers?
A. It promotes window-shopping and browsing.
B. It allows the most efficient use of selling space.
C. It creates the most pleasant atmosphere.
D. It facilitates self-service and self-selection, but not routine and planned shopping.
78. How often should a bookstore chain communicate with customers and employees about the effectiveness of its brand?
A. As often as possible
B. Once every quarter
C. Twice a year
D. Once a month
79. Stanwood Trophy Shop purchased $8,000 worth of goods this year. Beginning inventory was $3,000. Ending inventory was $2,000. What was the cost of goods sold?
A. $11,000
B. $7,000
C. $5,000
D. $9,000
80. Which of the following is an example of an external factor that affects a merchandising company's promotion:
A. Increase in a product's price
B. Government regulation of ads
C. Reorganization of the business
D. A change in distribution methods
81. Which of the following promotional situations is an example of a business engaging in unethical behavior:
A. A discount store adds specific conditions for a sweepstakes without advising the participants.
B. A manufacturing representative gives a potential retail customer a product price list.
C. A cereal company spends over $2.5 billion for national television advertisements.
D. A magazine runs an advertisement that states the possible side effects of an allergy medication.
82. A small resale shop in a community of 2,000 residents wants to promote a two-day sale. The town has a radio station, a small newspaper, no public transportation system, and receives a television signal from a large metropolitan area 60 miles away. Which of the following types of promotion should the resale shop choose:
A. Transit
B. Newspaper
C. Television
D. Billboards
83. The copy of an advertisement for a vacuum cleaner reads, "Buy your Hoover upright todayDon't delay." This is an example of copy that
A. explains the features and benefits of a product.
B. uses a passive voice.
C. arouses interest and creates awareness.
D. asks the reader to take action.
84. One limitation of using a customer database for advertising purposes is that it
A. has a limited size and capacity for storing information.
B. requires a large amount of time to operate and maintain.
C. does not tell a retailer what other products customers may want to buy.
D. must be custom built for each store in the retail chain.
85. When setting up a merchandising display, what arrangement is an irregular version of a step arrangement?
A. Repetition
B. Pyramid
C. Zigzag
D. Radiation
86. Which of the following is a promotional activity that retail chains should coordinate with their special promotions:
A. Information gathering
B. Visual merchandising
C. Sales training
D. Product planning
87. When scheduling a back-to-school display for an office-supply store, what type of products would a merchandising employee most likely need to include in the arrangement?
A. Notebooks, paper, and backpacks
B. Markers, pencils, and winter boots
C. Calendar organizers, wool scarves, and highlighters
D. Backpacks, calendar organizers, and dress shoes
88. Jason reads the instruction manuals that accompany the showerheads and the other home goods that he sells to discount retailers. This enables him to demonstrate his
A. self-concept.
B. product knowledge.
C. ethical standards.
D. creativity.
89. The primary reason that retail customers do not become repeat customers is
A. lack of assortment/selection.
B. lack of courtesy from salespeople.
C. poor location.
D. high prices.
90. Marshall's employer is being sued for product liability because Marshall gave a customer information about a product's safety without exercising reasonable care to make sure the claim was accurate. This is an example of
A. warranty.
B. basis of the bargain.
C. negligence.
D. exaggeration of benefits.
91. A toy comes with a leaflet that explains how the toy works. What type of product information is this?
A. Use and operation
B. Materials and content
C. Grades and standards
D. Processes and construction
92. A salesperson who sells a product that has a unique feature that can be translated into a benefit desirable to customers has a(n)
A. definite advantage over competitors.
B. opportunity to earn a high salary.
C. reason to explain technical information.
D. obligation to ask detailed questions.
93. What is the first thing that a manufacturing company sales representative needs to do before scheduling a sales call with a retail chain buyer?
A. Dress to present a good personal appearance.
B. Find out about the business and the business's buyer.
C. Select the approach that would please the buyer.
D. Make an appointment for the cold call.
94. A boutique salesperson is showing a customer a one-of-a-kind product that is on display in the shop. What closing technique would be most effective in selling this item?
A. Contingent close
B. Standing-room-only close
C. Narrative close
D. Summary close
95. Which of the following types of credit is usually provided only by small, local businesses:
A. Retail credit cards
B. Signature charges
C. Bank credit cards
D. Travel/entertainment cards
96. A retailer should not accept a customer's check if the check
A. contains erasures.
B. contains legible writing.
C. originates from an out-of-town bank account.
D. is made out for a higher amount than necessary.
97. Processing special orders for customers often involves ordering merchandise that is
A. temporarily out of stock.
B. usually not sold.
C. on back order.
D. always available.
98. Why is it important for sales managers to periodically evaluate their salespeople?
A. To determine effectiveness and identify areas where further training is needed
B. To spend budgeted funds that have not been utilized in other departments
C. To fire salespeople who perform below their determined potential
D. To report performance levels so that salespeople can compete against each other for bonuses
99. Which of the following do many retailers believe to be their most important resource:
A. Equipment
B. Office supplies
C. Employees
D. Sales revenue
100. Which of the following are components generally included in a retail chain's business plan:
A. Marketing plan, summary, and franchise agreement
B. Company description, financial plan, and marketing plan
C. Management plan, licensing contract, and annual report
D. Summary, operating plan, and sales reports
01. A company that is being sued is given the opportunity to present evidence to defend itself. This is an aspect of
A. personal rights.
B. legislative history.
C. legal procedure.
D. business rules.
02. A primary responsibility of a federal regulatory agency is issuing radio and television licenses to qualified applicants. What type of authority does the agency have?
A. Control of supply
B. Control of rates
C. Control of conduct
D. Control of incorporation
03. A Japanese marketer wants to sell large quantities of DVD players in the United States. The channel of distribution this business would most likely use would be producer to
A. agent to consumer.
B. wholesaler to consumer.
C. wholesaler to retailer to consumer.
D. consumer.
04. One way that businesses use technology to move products efficiently through the distribution chain is by
A. implementing an automatic identification system.
B. developing company web sites to promote product.
C. tracking the shipping expenses in a database system.
D. encouraging the use of networked trading communities.
05. Channel members of a supply chain should be familiar with antitrust laws so they do not engage in activities that
A. limit monopolies.
B. hinder competition.
C. restrict efficiency.
D. prohibit authority.
06. Chadwell's Toy Palace is planning a buy one, get one free sale for some popular toys. What will the store need to do to ensure that there are enough products available to meet the changing demand?
A. Purchase higher quantities of the sale items in a timely manner
B. Hire additional warehouse staff for the duration of the sale
C. Change the distribution strategy from selective to intensive
D. Send copies of the promotional literature to the store's vendors
07. A large online seller partners with a credit card company to leverage each other's brand values, share marketing expertise and research, and exchange skills. The two companies are involved in
A. affiliate marketing.
B. affinity marketing.
C. cross linking.
D. social media marketing.
08. While attending a presentation, Jimmy indicates to the speaker that he would like to ask a question. Before stating his question, Jimmy briefly sums up the speaker's lecture. Which communication technique is Jimmy using?
A. Probing
B. Nonverbal
C. Paraphrasing
D. Gestures
09. A customer asks you a question about your store's return policy, and you don't know the answer. How should you respond?
A. Tell that customer only what you remember about the policy.
B. Admit that you don't know the answer, and ask a colleague.
C. Distract the customer by asking him/her another question.
D. Process the customer's return, even if s/he doesn't have a receipt.
10. You have a customer on the phone who always ends up talking about his personal life for far too long. Today, he's telling you a long story about his recent vacation. However, you have several other calls on the line and tons of work to do. How should you handle this situation?
A. Tell the customer you don't have time to talk about personal issues, so he should stay on topic.
B. Tell the customer you're happy to hear about his vacation, but you have to take another call.
C. Transfer the call to someone else who has more time to talk to the customer.
D. Talk to the customer as long as he wants to appear more interested.
11. Letters of inquiry should be as __________ as possible.
A. vague
B. specific
C. verbose
D. demanding
12. What should the first section of an executive summary contain?
A. A statement of the report's purpose
B. A recommended course of action
C. A letter of authorization
D. An acknowledgement of the report's sponsors
13. Which of the following would most likely be viewed by an employer as an acceptable use of your personal social media site for business purposes:
A. Talking to your significant other about what's going on in the office
B. Chatting with a coworker online about your plans after work
C. Posting company news to help gain employees or clients
D. Posting photos of coworkers and customers
14. Demonstrating a customer-service mindset benefits employees by supporting their
A. competitiveness.
B. need to be recognized.
C. careers.
D. efficiency at work.
15. Recently, Miranda Corbin met with a Brazilian entrepreneur to sign a business contract. When Miranda smiled and gave the entrepreneur the OK sign after the contract was signed, the entrepreneur frowned in disbelief and immediately left the room. Later, Miranda learned that Brazilians view the OK sign as an offensive gesture. Miranda could have avoided the embarrassing breach of etiquette by
A. conducting research about the country's culture before her meeting.
B. learning to speak in the country's official language fluently.
C. taking courses about Brazilian literature and history.
D. touring the Brazilian embassy to obtain information about the country's regulations.
16. Noah wants to go on vacation, but when the price of plane tickets goes up, he decides to put off his trip. Noah's demand is
A. complementary.
B. constant.
C. inelastic.
D. elastic.
17. A clothing manufacturer in the United States allows a company in Argentina to use its name and logo in exchange for a fee and royalties. This is an example of
A. franchising.
B. a joint venture.
C. licensing.
D. exporting.
18. The Polar Bear Publishing Company, a publisher of children's books, has made adjustments to its promotion and pricing strategies to suit the current market. This is an illustration of which of the following characteristics of an adaptable organization:
A. Flexibility
B. Cohesiveness
C. Cultural intelligence
D. Strong leadership
19. A government establishes an organization that monitors and ensures that businesses are complying with advertising laws. This organization is an example of a
A. legislative body.
B. lobbying group.
C. regulatory agency.
D. watchdog corporation.
20. A small startup company decides to specialize its labor force. What is an advantage of this form of specialization?
A. Decreased quality of work
B. Increased worker dependency
C. Lower production rates
D. Simplified worker training
21. According to the law of diminishing returns, what aspect of production decreases when fixed resources have reached their maximum level of efficiency?
A. Product usefulness
B. Quality
C. Lead time
D. Outputs
22. During a job interview, the interviewer asks, "What have you done that shows your initiative?" Which of the following would be the best response:
A. "I'm taking a computer class on my own time."
B. "I find work enjoyable and rewarding."
C. "I'm a team player with a positive attitude."
D. "I get along well with my present coworkers."
23. If Charlie blames his classmates for not completing their group project on time, he is not
A. taking accountability.
B. communicating.
C. preventing bias.
D. following rules.
24. To effectively manage various work commitments, employees should
A. first focus on the least important tasks.
B. ask coworkers to complete important activities.
C. reorganize work goals.
D. schedule enough time to complete activities.
25. Rowan's coworker tells her that he's looking for another job. He asks Rowan to keep their conversation confidential. Rowan should
A. tell only her boss about the conversation.
B. not tell anyone about the conversation.
C. tell customers about Rowan's job search.
D. share the information only with trusted colleagues.
26. Which of the following are secondary dimensions of diversity:
A. Family status, ethnicity, and communication style
B. Religion, work experience, and gender
C. Income, family status, and education level
D. Work experience, nationality, and age
27. People who try to avoid conflict are likely to be
A. hostile.
B. passive.
C. controlling.
D. aggressive.
28. A particularly high stress level at a company can lead to a high rate of
A. job satisfaction.
B. employee turnover.
C. productivity.
D. healthy employees.
29. One way for Sidney to motivate her team members to accomplish a certain goal in a specific amount of time is by
A. taking over their activities.
B. removing unexpected obstacles.
C. providing an incentive.
D. delegating her responsibilities.
30. Acknowledging the power you possess to influence and affect other people is part of
A. acknowledging your own biases.
B. avoiding shortcuts.
C. thinking before you act.
D. determining the needs of others.
31. A government charges a $0.184 tax on each gallon of gasoline, regardless of location or price. This is an example of __________ tax.
A. sales
B. excise
C. estate
D. capital gains
32. A business wants to start selling its products in foreign markets. Managers study financial information to determine if the company has the resources to undertake this new venture. This is an example of using financial information to
A. plan business expansion.
B. reduce expenses.
C. monitor ongoing business operations.
D. check up on the competition.
33. Which of the following is the first step in a business's accounting cycle:
A. Collecting the source documents
B. Journalizing transactions
C. Balancing the books
D. Preparing financial statements
34. What should accountants demonstrate when collecting accounting information and preparing financial documents?
A. Empathy and flexibility
B. An innovative attitude
C. A collaborative mindset
D. Professional integrity
35. Which of the following is the accounting equation:
A. Assets = Liabilities - Owners' Equity
B. Owners' Equity = Assets x Liabilities
C. Assets = Liabilities + Owners' Equity
D. Liabilities = Owners' Equity + Assets
36. Why do finance professionals continue to act unethically, despite the consequences?
A. The finance field is full of temptations and pressures to be unethical.
B. They are greedy and only care about making as much money as they can.
C. They are always rewarded for their unethical behavior.
D. There are no legal consequences for unethical actions.
37. What technology is the most effective way to interview a job applicant who is located 1,500 miles away from the company's corporate office?
A. Text messaging
B. Videoconferencing
C. Web-based email
D. Intranet
38. LMN Company is losing market share to the RST Corporation. LMN can quickly obtain useful information about the RST's product offerings by
A. evaluating industry standards.
B. analyzing economic reports.
C. obtaining feedback from RST's employees.
D. visiting RST's website.
39. In which of the following ways can a producer take advantage of information about an expanding market:
A. By deleting current product lines
B. By increasing production
C. By laying off employees
D. By buying risk protection insurance
40. Kelli accesses a professional association's website to review information about employment trends in a specific industry. What type of research data is Kelli obtaining?
A. Primary
B. Internal
C. Secondary
D. Intermediate
41. The TUV Company wants to conduct marketing research by surveying a sample of its vast customer base. What should companies use to reduce the possibility of bias?
A. Referral sampling
B. Telephone interviews
C. Random sampling
D. Personal interviews
42. Which of the following is a technique that businesses can use to monitor their competitors' activities:
A. Reviewing buying motives
B. Analyzing economic factors
C. Studying regional data
D. Reading annual reports
43. What is an effective data-collection method that provides accurate information about how people behave under normal circumstances?
A. Interview
B. Survey
C. Experiment
D. Observation
44. An effective marketing-research questionnaire includes questions or statements that are written
A. to address many issues or topics.
B. to reflect the researcher's personality.
C. in an objective way.
D. in an ambiguous way.
45. A marketing survey that contains questions that are to be answered on a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being the worst and 5 being the best, is an example of
A. sorting.
B. tabulating.
C. coding.
D. marking.
46. What do researchers often use to summarize and interpret vast amounts of numeric information?
A. Research questionnaires
B. Descriptive statistics
C. Hypothetical samples
D. Independent variables
47. A research study participant providing incorrect information on a questionnaire is an example of a
A. feedback method.
B. negative answer.
C. false positive.
D. response error.
48. A company needs to conduct marketing research before launching a new product, but its marketing department doesn't have a lot of money. If it wants to keep costs down, it should
A. avoid doing marketing research.
B. conduct in-person interviews.
C. conduct online surveys.
D. develop a week-long focus group.
49. Natalie searched for 45 minutes to locate an important file folder, which she found under a pile of papers in an unmarked box that was stored under her desk. What action did Natalie fail to take that would have increased her efficiency and saved the company money?
A. Staying organized
B. Staying on task
C. Using supplies wisely
D. Observing safety standards
50. Marketers plan where they need to go and how to get there efficiently in order to
A. achieve satisfying connections.
B. lay out their strategies.
C. measure their success.
D. agree upon a goal.
51. The description of the quality, variety, and style of goods or services sold by your business should be included in your marketing plan's __________ section.
A. product
B. price
C. place
D. promotion
52. A situation analysis reveals that Pullman Industries will need to increase its minimum wage to $8.75 per hour in three months or face severe government fines for noncompliance. This is an example of a _________ factor that affects businesses.
A. technological
B. regulatory
C. secondary
D. managerial
53. The primary reason for a business to forecast sales is to obtain information to use in
A. advertising copy.
B. business planning.
C. staff training.
D. evaluating salespersons.
54. Which of the following is an example of unethical business behavior in relation to information management:
A. Keeping employees' payroll records in unsecured computer databases
B. Telling employees that the business may monitor their telephone calls at work
C. Sharing customers' personal information with others with customers' permission
D. Using opt-in email to communicate product information with customers
55. How has technology changed the nature of competition?
A. Competition has significantly decreased.
B. Companies must stay in step with new technologies.
C. Only big companies can stay competitive.
D. All competition is now conducted online.
56. A business wants to send a mailing to all customers who have ordered at least $2,500 in merchandise in the past year. To obtain the appropriate list of customers, the business should set the query by
A. product code and zip code.
B. last name and account number.
C. sales dollars and dates.
D. credit rating and location.
57. Which of the following is an example of an integrated software application:
A. SMS
B. Java
C. Point-of-sale
D. URL
58. Ken is developing a web page for a new bed-and-breakfast inn. He wants to add information on the web page that describes local tourist attractions and restaurants. To allow website visitors the ability to visit these other websites from the bed-and breakfast inn's website, Ken should create
A. a site map.
B. portals.
C. cookies.
D. hyperlinks.
59. You have a large amount of customer data at your office, and you want to sort through the information and find patterns. You should use data
A. entry.
B. elimination.
C. mining.
D. creation.
60. What are the day-to-day activities required for a business to function?
A. Finances
B. Production
C. Operations
D. Selling
61. Electronic sensors, closed-circuit television, locked display cases, and security guards are security devices used to help businesses prevent
A. shoplifting.
B. malpractice.
C. burglary.
D. fraud.
62. Every project creates a(n)
A. new product.
B. deliverable.
C. company.
D. advertising plan.
63. Which of the following is a tool that is specifically designed to schedule and track their projects:
A. Pyramid diagram
B. Gantt chart
C. Bubble chart
D. Venn diagram
64. Which of the following is a characteristic of mass production:
A. Standardization
B. Individuality
C. Limited quantities
D. Continuous operation
65. Which of the following is an example of a semi-variable expense:
A. Maintenance
B. Property taxes
C. Overtime
D. Utilities
66. Jason likes to ask questions and learn new things. What personal trait of creativity does Jason possess?
A. Determination
B. Independence
C. Open-mindedness
D. Curiosity
67. Which of the following is a challenge that entrepreneurs often face:
A. Extra vacation time
B. Increased resources
C. Potential financial loss
D. Tax breaks
68. During a job interview, it is important to monitor nonverbal cues including your
A. handshake and vocal intensity.
B. posture and eye contact.
C. diction and arm gestures.
D. clothing and pitch.
69. Which of the following is an example of career advancement within a company:
A. When James reached his 25-year anniversary as production manager of Whitman Manufacturing, he decided to retire.
B. After RQW Technologies offered Dylan a similar management position and 15% salary increase, he resigned as systems manager with TechFi.com.
C. Audrey was hired as a sales coordinator, was promoted to salesperson, and is now sales manager of CTK Corporation.
D. Julia accepted a marketing manager position with GZA International because she became bored with her advertising coordinator position with Drexall Publishing.
70. Which of the following is an example of a businessperson obtaining professional development:
A. Zoe reviews online publications to obtain information for a report that she is writing.
B. Theo attends a seminar about product-standard changes that are affecting his industry.
C. Nick asks his manager if he should attend a company meeting that is being held next month.
D. Talia organizes a community-service event that her employer sponsors every year.
71. Kwacky Kwackers needs a new package design for its crackers. What marketing professional would be responsible for creating the new package?
A. Marketing research
B. Product management
C. Advertising
D. Channel management
72. One advantage of using certain software programs in the process of determining price is that these programs allow businesses to find out what effect different prices will have on the
A. target market.
B. bottom line.
C. competition.
D. operating cost.
73. To prevent unfair loss-leader pricing practices, some governments have passed laws that require businesses to set prices that
A. maintain price floors.
B. appeal to customers.
C. encourage coupon use.
D. maximize discounts.
74. Which of the following is prohibited by government regulation:
A. Businesses that show the price per unit along with the total price of the item
B. Businesses that avoid agreeing on a price range for a product
C. Businesses that offer premiums without explaining the terms to the customer
D. Businesses that charge the same price to similar customers in similar situations
75. Which of the following is an example of a business behaving ethically in an effort to protect consumers:
A. Explaining the new manufacturing process
B. Wrapping products in plain paper
C. Placing informative commercials on television
D. Using tamper-resistant packaging
76. When engaging in the Six Thinking Hats idea-generation technique, the red hat focuses on the
A. creation of new ideas.
B. available facts and data.
C. emotions, feelings, and intuition.
D. negative aspects of the situation.
77. During the idea-generating process, a business should first consider how the product would fulfill the __________ needs.
A. industry's
B. business's
C. customers'
D. managers'
78. "Your money back if not satisfied" is an example of a
A. guarantee.
B. warranty.
C. recourse.
D. strategy.
79. Franklin Juice Company produced and aired television commercials that stated that drinking its new beverage daily would prevent the common cold and headaches. What federal agency would charge the company for providing false, misleading, and deceptive advertising?
A. Consumer Affairs Department
B. Food and Drug Administration
C. Federal Trade Commission
D. Consumer Product Safety Commission
80. Which of the following product mix strategies is a business using when it makes changes to aspects of its product items, such as packaging or pricing:
A. Collaboration
B. Contraction
C. Expansion
D. Alteration
81. A characteristic of product bundling is that a business sells several products together for a(n)
A. reduced price.
B. higher interest rate.
C. higher profit margin.
D. unlimited time.
82. Ensuring that customers have the correct perception of a product is one of the goals of product
A. management.
B. development.
C. positioning.
D. screening.
83. It is important for a brand name to be
A. easily remembered.
B. as long as possible.
C. open to interpretation.
D. accompanied by a symbol.
84. Stakeholders, employees, customers, and the media are important considerations when a business defines its
A. product image.
B. corporate brand.
C. advertising program.
D. financial assets.
85. Which of the following is an example of a purchase experience touchpoint:
A. Warranty programs
B. Word-of-mouth
C. Customer satisfaction surveys
D. Direct sales
86. Which of the following is a reason that a very large company might spend billions of dollars on promotion to create a specific company image:
A. To explain issues to customers
B. To limit customer awareness
C. To develop customer loyalty
D. To provide customers with information
87. A promotional mix usually contains a combination of
A. advertising, sales promotion, publicity, and personal selling.
B. pricing, personal selling, advertising, and sales promotion.
C. display, advertising, publicity, and pricing.
D. customer services, pricing, publicity, and personal selling.
88. What do many businesses use to send electronic advertising messages to thousands of customers at the same time?
A. Pop-up ads
B. Email
C. Search engine optimization
D. Banner ads
89. If a business advertises inaccurate information in a newspaper advertisement, government regulations might require the business to
A. pay a fine to the newspaper.
B. place corrective advertising in the newspaper.
C. change its product specifications.
D. sign a consent decree.
90. One reason why television is popular with advertisers is because it is the
A. medium that delivers more memorable, believable ads.
B. only broadcast medium that offers local programming.
C. second-most influential type of advertising media.
D. least expensive type of advertising media.
91. What best describes the goal of amplified word-of-mouth?
A. Improving the quality of goods and services the business offers
B. Encouraging customers to provide both positive and negative feedback
C. Building loyal relationships with the customers
D. Providing information to activists to share with others
92. Your new advertising client is describing what s/he wants in a print ad. S/He keeps emphasizing that "a picture is worth a thousand words." Based on this statement, what element of the print ad should you focus on?
A. Identification
B. Copy
C. Headline
D. Illustration
93. Why is it important to coordinate the elements in advertisements?
A. To simplify the message
B. To analyze the objective
C. To strengthen the theme
D. To locate the audience
94. What is one of the functions of certain types of public relations activities?
A. Sales management
B. Product research
C. Market segmentation
D. Damage control
95. Sears buys trucks to make deliveries. These trucks are an example of products that are sold for
A. use in the production of other goods.
B. use in the operation of the business.
C. resale to the industrial user.
D. resale to the ultimate consumer.
96. To be effective in developing relationships with customers, the service that salespeople provide must
A. include customers' employees.
B. save money for customers.
C. be the same for all customers.
D. meet customers' needs.
97. What is a benefit to the salesperson of building a clientele?
A. Obtaining referrals from loyal customers
B. Reducing selling costs
C. Supporting the company image
D. Securing customer acceptance of higher prices
98. A salesperson tells a customer that s/he has the legal right to cancel the contract within three days of signing the agreement without penalty. This is an example of a
A. tying agreement.
B. cooling-off law.
C. return policy.
D. reciprocity law.
99. During a sales presentation on a new line of shirts, the customer asks a question about the product that you cannot answer. Who should be able to answer the customer's question quickly and accurately?
A. The buyer
B. The manufacturer's representative
C. Another customer
D. The department manager
100. Which of the following is the motivational theory that suggests people's buying needs are classified in order of importance from basic to complex:
A. Adam's Equity Theory
B. McClelland's Acquired Needs Theory
C. Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory
D. Vroom's Expectancy Theory
01. A jurisdiction's judicial system strives to treat all parties fairly by
A. developing contracts.
B. implementing flexible laws.
C. interrogating witnesses.
D. following legal procedure.
02. It is often best for a business to use an exclusive distribution pattern when it
A. needs to maintain tight control over a product.
B. prefers to have its intermediaries promote the product.
C. chooses to eliminate intermediaries.
D. wants the product to be available in all possible locations.
03. Sasha has just received a fax order from a customer. The customer has requested six each of a certain product, but has not indicated the desired color. What can Sasha do to make sure that the customer receives the desired product?
A. Contact the customer and ask him/her what color s/he wants
B. Select the color based on the most available in stock
C. Have the warehouse staff ship one in each color
D. E-mail the customer to advise him/her that the order is incomplete
04. The primary advantage to businesses using electronic data interchange (EDI) systems in the channel management function is that the systems
A. ensure that product quality standards are achieved.
B. provide buyers with a greater selection of goods and services.
C. allow sellers to track the transportation route of orders.
D. streamline communication between buyers and sellers.
05. Slotting allowances are an ethical issue that businesses must consider because these types of fees can
A. increase customers' choices.
B. encourage high tariffs.
C. discourage innovation.
D. decrease channel reliability.
06. Chadwell's Toy Palace is planning a buy one, get one free sale for some popular toys. What will the store need to do to ensure that there are enough products available to meet the changing demand?
A. Send copies of the promotional literature to the store's vendors
B. Hire additional warehouse staff for the duration of the sale
C. Change the distribution strategy from selective to intensive
D. Purchase higher quantities of the sale items in a timely manner
07. Which of the following is a situation in which horizontal conflict may occur among channel members:
A. Scrambled merchandising
B. Chargebacks
C. Direct selling
D. Franchisor restrictions on franchisees
08. One way to demonstrate active listening is by
A. focusing your attention on distractions.
B. interrupting the speaker to ask questions.
C. taking steps to minimize barriers.
D. concentrating only on the points that you want to hear.
09. Effective note-taking involves summarizing key concepts in ways that
A. reflect proper punctuation and grammar.
B. are meaningful to the note-taker.
C. make sense to the speaker.
D. include personal opinion and bias.
10. What component is important to include in all types of inquiry letters?
A. Attention-getting title
B. Personal qualifications
C. Project specifications
D. Contact information
11. What should the first section of an executive summary contain?
A. A letter of authorization
B. A recommended course of action
C. A statement of the report's purpose
D. An acknowledgement of the report's sponsors
12. When participating in a project-status meeting, it is important for a participant to
A. be prepared to provide an update.
B. monopolize the conversation.
C. provide information about new company policies.
D. take notes for the group.
13. An important aspect of fulfilling a company's brand promise is to
A. develop different trade characters for different market segments.
B. change the company's slogan on a regular basis.
C. establish different policies for different types of customers.
D. use touch points to create positive customer experiences.
14. What type of software program allows a business employee and a customer to communicate in real time from a computer by typing text?
A. Call tracking
B. Database
C. Procurement
D. Instant messaging
15. A primary reason that businesses expand their operations in foreign countries is to
A. eliminate tax obligations.
B. increase revenues.
C. condense their market shares.
D. promote environmental issues.
16. Which of the following is a legal factor that may affect the business environment:
A. Market trends
B. Wage regulations
C. International tensions
D. Interest rates
17. A government establishes an organization that monitors and ensures that businesses are complying with advertising laws. This organization is an example of a
A. regulatory agency.
B. lobbying group.
C. legislative body.
D. watchdog corporation.
18. As an employee of Simpson and Associates, Kevin performs a variety of activities each day, sets his own work pace, and has the authority to make many business decisions. Kevin's job involves __________ scope and __________ depth.
A. low, high
B. high, low
C. high, high
D. low, low
19. Consumers may be prompted to increase their spending when
A. the government implements expansionary monetary policies.
B. unemployment rates steadily increase over an extended period of time.
C. businesses purchase fewer raw materials.
D. their confidence levels in the health of the economy decline.
20. In relation to career success, it important for individuals to assess their strengths and weaknesses so they can
A. change their personalities.
B. apply their talents where they are best used.
C. improve their relationships with friends.
D. eliminate conflict.
21. What is a potential benefit to an employee who demonstrates initiative on the job?
A. More advancement opportunities
B. Fewer performance reviews
C. Decreased job responsibilities
D. Increased emotional intelligence
22. A good indication that you may be making an unethical choice is if you
A. make excuses to justify your behavior.
B. attempt to be objective.
C. maintain confidential information.
D. disagree with the rules.
23. During lunch in the company's cafeteria, McKenzie overheard her coworker, Abby tell Kyle that she has a job interview with another firm next week. To respect Abby's privacy, McKenzie should
A. drop vague hints to her supervisor that Abby is unhappy and looking for another job.
B. keep the information to herself and not say anything to anyone.
C. promise Kyle that she will not tell anyone about his conversation with Abby.
D. tell Abby that she overheard the conversation, and assure Abby that her secret is safe.
24. What is the first thing you need to do when you want to persuade others to take a certain course of action?
A. Understand your audience
B. State your case
C. Express a need or want
D. Communicate clearly
25. What does a businessperson need to do when preparing for an upcoming negotiation?
A. Develop a strategy that avoids conflict
B. Analyze the other person's position
C. Embrace an all or nothing attitude
D. Adopt an aggressive negotiating style
26. Which of the following is an example of a team leader using a positive incentive to motivate his/her team members:
A. Ali told the team that everyone could take the afternoon off if the project was completed on time.
B. Kate rudely told her team members, "Since the two of you can't do this right, I'll just do it myself."
C. Karl said, "If this project isn't done on time, we're all going to receive bad performance reviews."
D. To ease the tension in the group, Calvin told a joke, which made all the team members laugh.
27. A critical aspect of financial planning involves
A. saving money for unexpected situations.
B. obtaining several credit cards.
C. investing money in high-risk securities.
D. setting broad financial goals.
28. An apartment building is an example of a(n) __________ investment.
A. lending
B. ownership
C. realistic
D. domestic
29. A business should strive to keep its cash conversion cycle as short as possible so it
A. has fewer liquid assets.
B. can earn dividends.
C. can increase its profit margin.
D. has cash available to use.
30. Why is it important for a business to clearly communicate its budget to employees?
A. So employees know when they should work overtime
B. So employees are aware of their effect on the business's profits
C. Because the business is legally required to disclose financial information
D. Because employees need to know when they need to adjust the budget
31. Ethan is a human resources manager who is attending a job fair to discuss employment opportunities with job-fair attendees. This is an example of a ___________ activity.
A. sales-promotion
B. training
C. recruiting
D. compliance
32. Which of the following is an unethical practice in relation to marketing-information management:
A. Summarizing statistical data in an unusual format
B. Obtaining a customer's personal data
C. Implementing opt-in and opt-out e-mail policies
D. Using spyware computer programs
33. Which of the following situations is an example of SUGGING:
A. A salesperson offers a customer the opportunity to try an expensive product free of charge.
B. A telemarketer asks a customer if s/he knows anyone who would want to buy a certain product.
C. A marketer tells a customer that s/he is conducting research, and then begins a sales pitch.
D. A business promotes a product by sending samples to its customers without authorization.
34. Which of the following is an example of a secondary source of data that a business can obtain internally:
A. Sales report
B. Trade journal
C. Government web site
D. Magazine article
35. Which of the following situations indicates that a marketer should conduct marketing research to resolve a problem:
A. Declining inflation
B. Testing new products
C. Monitoring competitors
D. Losing market share
36. Because the Hubert Company is not sure how to define its marketing problem, it should begin examining the issue by
A. gathering primary marketing data.
B. selecting a survey format.
C. analyzing the sampling error.
D. conducting exploratory research.
37. When developing a sampling plan for a marketing-research project, a business must first determine
A. the size of the group it intends to survey.
B. the validity of the information.
C. how the researchers should code the responses.
D. how to predict the sample group's responses.
38. Which of the following data-collection methods obtains product information during the point-of-purchase process:
A. Volume-tracking scanner
B. Photographic scanner
C. E-mail survey
D. Statistical survey
39. Which of the following is a device that helps to ensure that direct-observation research is collected in a neutral way:
A. Fax machine
B. Global-orientation system
C. Video camera
D. Computer-disk player
40. The Fragrantly Yours Flower Shop determined that it sells between 35 and 50 dozen red roses each week. What measure is the flower shop using to analyze product sales?
A. Mode
B. Average
C. Median
D. Range
41. Which of the following questions does a well-written marketing-research brief answer:
A. Can we effectively enter a new market?
B. Why are sales decreasing?
C. What is the purpose of the research?
D. Did we achieve the desired outcome?
42. When Elliot was tabulating marketing research data, he transposed some numbers as he was converting raw data into numerical values. What type of error occurred?
A. Response
B. Measurement
C. Sampling
D. Recording
43. When evaluating the wording of a survey, the editor should make sure that each question contains
A. clear, technical terms.
B. impressive but vague language.
C. simple words without jargon.
D. vocabulary with dual meanings.
44. Which of the following is a primary advantage of conducting a focus group to obtain marketing information:
A. Moderator objectivity
B. Cost effectiveness
C. Limited preparation
D. Discussion relevance
45. Which of the following statements is true about the timeliness of research information:
A. A company that uses out-of-date research data may make poor business decisions.
B. Timely information is usually relevant to the problem or situation at hand.
C. Timely information that is obtained from online sources is usually accurate.
D. Older information that is obtained from secondary sources lacks credibility.
46. Which of the following research methods is an appropriate way to gather marketing information when quick responsiveness and low costs are important issues:
A. Face-to-face interviews
B. Test marketing
C. Internet survey
D. Field experiment
47. What marketing function directly affects how well a product will sell and the amount of money the business will make?
A. Channel Management
B. Promotion
C. Product/Service Management
D. Pricing
48. What element of the marketing mix involves considerations such as the types of brands that the business carries and the types of support services the business offers?
A. Place
B. Price
C. Product
D. Promotion
49. A business determines that it can increase its market share 12 percent by promoting its goods and services to Hispanic females who are 18- to 34-years old. The business is segmenting the market on the basis of
A. geographics.
B. psychographics.
C. demographics.
D. behavior.
50. Maria is developing her marketing plan for her small, but growing, business. She notes that one of the advantages of her company is that her staff is highly creative and flexible; however, a primary limitation that she faces is that she does not have sufficient financial resources to expand her product line. In which component of the marketing plan would Maria place this information?
A. Financial statement
B. Promotional plan
C. Marketing mix
D. SWOT analysis
51. Which of the following is an external threat that a company might identify while conducting a situation analysis:
A. Increasing GDP
B. Falling interest rates
C. Rising inflation rate
D. Declining unemployment
52. Which of the following situations best demonstrates why businesses should retain their records:
A. A business is planning to sell out to another company.
B. A business is planning to send anniversary cards to employees on the date of their employment.
C. A business is planning to send press releases to the local newspaper.
D. A business is planning to use webinars for employee training.
53. Which of the following are characteristics of effective business information:
A. Usable, accurate, and retrievable
B. Current, simple, and accessible
C. Applicable, historical, and complete
D. Organized, complex, and superficial
54. Ingrid is able to access information from her desktop publishing software, word-processing software, and spreadsheet software at the same time on her personal computer. This is an example of an operating system with _____________ capabilities.
A. multiprocessing
B. multi-user
C. multitasking
D. multithreading
55. After The IWP Company receives online orders from its customers, it quickly replies to all of its customers with the following e-mail message: Thank you for your order. It will be processed within the next 48 hours. The e-mail function that generates these types of messages is called a(n)
A. mechanical reaction.
B. instant message.
C. autoresponder.
D. timed reply.
56. Which of the following is an important aspect of a business's operations function:
A. Establishing efficient processes
B. Locating potential customers
C. Providing access to information
D. Hiring qualified employees
57. What is the advantage to a business that installs external surveillance cameras in prominent locations around its property?
A. Eliminates the need to install alarms
B. Reduces the risk of extortion
C. Discourages attempted burglaries
D. Prevents armed robberies
58. Office supplies, computers, steel, and signage are examples of __________ resources that might be needed for projects.
A. perishable
B. support
C. donated
D. tangible
59. Which of the following is often a factor that a business considers when evaluating a vendor's performance:
A. Business plan
B. Order accuracy
C. Invoice number
D. Accounting methods
60. An important aspect of a business's production efforts is
A. obtaining the necessary resources.
B. scheduling a sales promotion.
C. identifying financing options.
D. developing compensation policies.
61. Julianne is going to a chamber-of-commerce luncheon where she will meet several important business leaders in her community. What is the most appropriate clothing for Julianne to wear?
A. Colorful blouse, short skirt, and sandals
B. Dark pantsuit, blouse, and low-heel shoes
C. Casual pants, long-sleeve t-shirt, and athletic shoes
D. Black, sequin dress; short jacket; and high-heel shoes
62. Before you analyze the available information to solve a problem, it is important to
A. identify and check your assumptions.
B. brainstorm possible solutions.
C. determine the best solution from several alternatives.
D. ask for input from your peers.
63. To take advantage of work-related networking opportunities, a businessperson might benefit by
A. planning a meeting with a sales trainer.
B. participating in an online social network.
C. developing a creative rsum and cover letter.
D. joining a professional organization.
64. To obtain experience and satisfy graduation requirements, The XYZ University arranged for Desmond to work for a local business in his specific field of study during one semester of the school year. How did Desmond obtain work experience?
A. Temporary employment
B. Volunteer work
C. Mentorship
D. Internship
65. What is a negative consequence to a business that engages in the unethical practice of price gouging?
A. Excessive profits
B. High sales
C. Poor image
D. Weak competition
66. Which of the following statements is true about the use of computer-coded frequent-shopper cards:
A. Cardholders receive better discounts on certain products than non-cardholders.
B. Non-cardholders pay service fees to obtain the lower prices that cardholders pay.
C. Non-cardholders receive reward points rather than price discounts.
D. Frequent-shopper cards serve as incentives for customers to buy from other businesses.
67. A retailer advertises discounted prices for certain items in a local newspaper and deliberately does not change the prices of the items in its computer system during the sale. As a result, customers were charged the original prices at the point of sale. This deceptive pricing practice is called
A. price discrimination.
B. scanner fraud.
C. collusion.
D. dumping.
68. During which phase of a product's life cycle do its profit margins tend to narrow?
A. Introduction
B. Decline
C. Maturity
D. Growth
69. An electronic data interchange (EDI) system facilitates a company's ability to
A. test product quality.
B. improve product durability.
C. manage product availability.
D. develop new products.
70. Which of the following is an unethical situation in product/service management:
A. Vincent Electronics discontinues production of a slow-moving solar calculator.
B. Travis Manufacturing uses recycled materials for its product packaging.
C. Donna's Dress Boutique obtains deep discounts from a new clothing designer.
D. The Simpson Company embellishes the information that it places on its product labels.
71. In the past several years, Jenny noticed that many younger people have moved from her town to larger cities and that a large segment of the town's citizens are reaching retirement age. Jenny realized a need for a variety of home-health care services for the town's senior citizens. What factor presented Jenny with this product opportunity?
A. Personal attitudes
B. Demographic changes
C. Geographic limitations
D. Economic resources
72. Kelsey's work team decides that the best way to approach a situation is to have each member focus on different aspects of the issue, such as fact finding, positives, negatives, and emotions. What creative- thinking technique is the work team using?
A. Six Thinking Hats
B. Brainstorming
C. Mind mapping
D. Unconscious problem solving
73. JIB Corporation's research and development team examined the company's top-selling item and determined ways to improve it. JIB generated these product ideas in relation to
A. product modification.
B. competitors' products.
C. customers' suggestions.
D. product placement.
74. Size, weight, condition, and quality are often factors that government agencies consider when they
A. enforce safety policies.
B. establish cost standards.
C. assign product grades.
D. review inventory systems.
75. What is an advantage of product bundling to a business?
A. The business is less likely to experience cash-flow problems.
B. Customers are usually satisfied with the quality of all the bundled items.
C. The business usually increases its profit margins by offering deep discounts.
D. Customers are less likely to buy the individual items from competitors later.
76. What is a business communicating when it positions a product by emphasizing the unique attributes of that product in relation to similar products marketed by competitors?
A. Time utility
B. Touch points
C. Competitive advantage
D. Superior quality
77. Which of the following are touch points that a successful company often uses to communicate its corporate brand to its target market:
A. Employees, sales staff, and compensation policies
B. Company web site, sales calls, and trade shows
C. Trade shows, sales reports, and employees
D. Sales calls, company web site, and marketing audits
78. When positioning its corporate brand, it is important for a company to evaluate its competitors so it can determine
A. profit margins.
B. points of difference.
C. managerial styles.
D. support services.
79. What type of unethical advertising is being used when a television commercial convinces consumers that they can avoid serious illness by using a particular product?
A. Stereotyping
B. Fear-based
C. Gender bias
D. Puffery
80. What entertaining form of Internet promotion involves animations that float across the computer screen and move back to their original space?
A. Media-rich advertising
B. Blogs
C. Interstitials
D. Banner ads
81. Governments that have passed do not call laws are restricting promotional activities related to
A. direct mail.
B. contests.
C. Internet downloads.
D. telemarketing.
82. Which of the following best describes the goal of amplified word-of-mouth:
A. Improving the quality of goods and services the business offers
B. Encouraging customers to provide both positive and negative feedback
C. Building loyal relationships with the customers
D. Providing information to activists to share with others
83. A primary advantage to businesses using direct marketing to promote their goods and services is that the messages
A. are sent to those who are mostly likely to buy.
B. enhance the business's credibility.
C. are relatively inexpensive to produce.
D. provide customers with direct access to knowledgeable salespeople.
84. Ben recently purchased a cellular telephone. The manufacturer provided a form and a special code with the telephone's packaging. Ben completed the form, copied his sales receipt, and mailed these items back to the manufacturer along with the part of the packaging that contained the special code. Within six weeks, Ben received a $50 check from the telephone manufacturer. What type of sales-promotion technique was used?
A. Coupon
B. Rebate
C. Sweepstakes
D. Warranty
85. Which of the following communication channels is a corporation's public-relations department most likely to use to maintain positive relationships with shareholders:
A. Newsletters, annual reports, and the company's web site
B. Press releases, online social networks, and print advertisements
C. News conferences, consumer blogs, and employee manuals
D. Policy manuals, commercials, and sponsorships
86. How can a business communicate a print advertisement's message to its audience in an appealing way?
A. Coordinate the advertisement's elements
B. Focus more on the text and less on graphics
C. Use testimonials from celebrities in the news
D. Select a variety of bold fonts and unrelated graphics
87. Which of the following situations is an example of a public-relations activity:
A. Evan coordinates an upcoming sales promotion with the company's purchasing manager.
B. Jana prepares a press release about her firm's new licensing agreement with a large company.
C. Colleen telephones a prospective customer to try to schedule a product demonstration.
D. Eli reviews a report to determine which clients have overdue payments due on their accounts.
88. Which of the following is an example of a public-relations activity that involves communicating with an internal audience:
A. Developing an employee newsletter
B. Holding a weekly press conference
C. Distributing a press release
D. Making a donation to a charity
89. The most appropriate way for the High-Tech Computer Company to communicate information about its new line of computers at a trade show is by
A. holding product demonstrations.
B. sending direct mail.
C. placing billboard advertisements.
D. developing a contest.
90. A primary factor that a business considers when deciding to participate in a trade show is the
A. business's inventory levels.
B. business's operating policies.
C. number of expected visitors.
D. cost of the concessions.
91. Sophie is developing the promotional plan for her company, and is working on the section of the plan that involves forecasting the expenses associated with various promotional activities. What component of the promotional plan is Sophie working on?
A. Strategy
B. Executive summary
C. Budget
D. Situation analysis
92. A business can enhance its customer-service levels after the sales transaction has occurred by
A. arranging financing and suggestion selling.
B. offering training programs and providing technical support.
C. providing product information and generating referrals.
D. checking inventory status and advertising product specials.
93. A business's selling policies are beneficial to customers when they
A. maximize profitability and achieve sales goals.
B. restrict the salespeople's selling activities.
C. provide customers with limited credit options.
D. ensure that all customers are treated fairly.
94. To reduce the risk of bribery in selling situations, it is a good idea for businesses to develop
A. diversity training manuals.
B. promotional budgets.
C. entertainment guidelines.
D. product delivery policies.
95. Jason is a salesperson who has just landed an appointment with a prospective client who has the potential to provide Jason's company with a lot of business. Jason wants to make sure he is well prepared for his meeting and presentation, so he decides that he needs to obtain information about the client. How can Jason quickly and effectively use technology to learn about the prospective client's business?
A. Telephone the prospective client's vendors
B. Review the prospective client's web site
C. Access the prospective client's Intranet
D. Send e-mail inquires to the prospective client's employees
96. A pharmaceutical company fails to warn the public about the possible side effects associated with a new medication. This is an example of a business violating selling regulations through
A. branding.
B. exaggeration.
C. misrepresentation.
D. exclusivity.
97. Kevin is a salesperson for the Branson Company. A customer asks Kevin for specific warranty information about a new product that Branson recently started selling. Which of the following is the quickest, most reliable source for Kevin to use to obtain the desired information:
A. Customers who already own the product
B. The manufacturer's product literature
C. Branson's newspaper advertisement
D. The display model of the product
98. When a salesperson first begins to establish a relationship with a customer, s/he should focus on
A. putting the customer at ease.
B. describing the product's benefits.
C. asking the customer for the sale.
D. recommending complementary items.
99. According to Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs Theory, buying behavior that involves the acquisition of goods and services to elevate a person's status or recognition are _____________ needs.
A. self-actualization
B. physiological
C. esteem
D. safety
100. Which of the following levels of managers spend most of their time staffing, directing, and controlling the day-to-day activities of the business:
A. Mid-level
B. First-line
C. Executive
D. Regional